My account was terminated. I received automated warnings from Mercari for handmade/homemade items reported by other users selling the same exact thing. I do not understand why they banned me from using the app yet let others continue to sell same items. I noticed that other users who were selling bath bombs made multiple sales and offered free shipping. The pictures they have posted clearly shows they are homemade but they are still on there with their business going strong. These are just few of the accounts that are selling the same items: ********************************* ********************************* ********************************* * stated that their products are commercially produced and not homemade. 1 stated that they are homemade items. I am just upset because I received no explanation why they let others continue to sell prohibited items according to their policy. It is becsuse they made enough sales that they just let it pass? Or is there some type of trick on how to sell on the app? Do they pay more than 10% that's why they are still selling? App is just not fair. If they are strictly following guidelines they should treat every users equally.

definitely negative. I bought a defect item there but they do not allow me to return even I said I would be responsible for the return shipping. Mercari said only if the seller agree return, if not, I cannot return. So I wasted 94 bucks for a useless thing.

So far 5 days no one answer me. Hold the funds forever never release as the promise date. Horrible service, customer service and help center never answer, makes me no where to complains, have to come here. Sellers Beware!!!

I advertised my expensive boots on mercari and someone bought them. One day after being shipped they claimed it wasn't as advertised and shipped there used battered shoes back to me and kept my expensive ones without paying. Mercari refused to repay me or charge the customer for the theft. I submitted photos immediately after opening the package and they have no phone or email or text or website contact for customers. After getting in contact with someone from mercarI in social media, they refused to help in any way and said "problem solved we can't help you, thanks for shopping" and within the hour they deactivated my account. I found that they allowed the theif to resell my boots ! Terrible business and they dont care about anyone even if you make them money. They make sure there is no way to get in touch on purpose. To hoard the money and not have to deal with thousands of angry paying customers

Website does not function properly; unconcerned about ensuring those selling there receive funds; poor customer service; sellers BEWARE.

Mercari to me was amazing in the beginning. I was making sales and getting great reviews. Then all of there rules and random threat of suspensions of my account. I try contacting there customer service and I never got a deal human to actually help me but all robots. Now my account is suspended with my own cash from my own items I sold stuck in the app. Mercari said there going to delete my account. And no customer service would help me with the money. Truly sickening busniess. Don't recommend to anyone. I hope they fall to peices one day.

You will not go anywhere with their customer service. They refused to release my money stating they suspect my selling items are unauthentic then trick me to provide my SS and Driver license in order for them to release my money. Once I provided, they suspend my account and hold my money for 90 days even though I provided proof that my selling items are authentic, I even have satisfaction comments from the buyer. Then they said in order to release my money, i will have to provide provide proof of purchase of all of the items I sold on my accounts. Who in the world would have receipts of all "USED" items you sell on here? This request is ridiculous. I've been requesting protesting information and they didn't seem to want to respond, every email take 24hrs to reply and they select the information they want to respond. Horrible customer service.

so i had other buyer send me my iteam back and i notice there was a crack on it which mines didnt have it so i thought he had switch my game so i reported mercari about it so what did did was ban me from there app because i send them a very same message from other seller there are people on there scaming people and if u think u are scam or not they will ban u off there app and also if u try to sign someone with the same last name or address they will ban u as well to so becare and also i was rob from the app 225$ and didnt get my game and the app have no where to message them cuz they will close there message so they dont have to hear any more message from u and the only thing they suggest me to do was to get in contact with my buyer and gave me his info i will not suggest mercari to anyone

i was a daily user of the app. i had 200+ great reviews. i had always spent my earnings on the app no problem. till one day i made 257$ then choose to direct deposit it, the next day my direct deposit was canceled, i was suspended for suspicious activity! they get mad if u direct deposit. they deleted my account and blocked me from direct depositing my 257$ saying its being held for 90 days!!!!!!! this is a huge SCAM. if you plan on direct depositing be ready to be ripped off. words can't explain how pissed i am, i was a daily faithful user of the app until this. i am shook. and customer service is no where to be contacted. no phone number etc. scam app. probably hoping in 90 days i will forget about my 257$ so they can keep it. DO NOT USE APP.

Absolutely absurdly unfair and unethical. Deleted accounts for no reason with merit at all. Hours of work and great reviews. The worst team in charge of any platform out there..

They Suspended my account without reason or justification and I still had money in my app from stuff that I sold

Horrible system and customer service. If you are going to have an automated system you better have great customer service to back it up but they don't. Here is my experience and the way they handled such an easy problem has made me not want to use this service ever again. I had just tried buying an item and realized I shipped it to the wrong address (the seller does not ship to po boxes) so I asked the seller to cancel the order and when she did my account was suspended. I received no warnings and have had no issues with my account in the past and yet they did it anyway. I can't go on my account for a day and had to buy the item on another account, but when I looked the item was already sold that I wanted to buy. There is no customer service or phone number that you can reach to fix the situation in a timely manner especially over such a simple problem, if they mess up you just have to deal with it and there are better companies out there to not deal with stuff like this.

This is the worse business ever, despite the countless warnings online of scorned buyers and sellers alike I went against my better judgment to heed the advice, and decided I would try it out and form my own opinion - BIG MISTAKE!! They suspend buyers and sellers for no legitimate reason and take all the time in the world to respond back regarding your complaints - no explanation is given they are vague and simply hold the money making the buyers look like jerks because they have no way to let the seller know about this unfounded suspension and they're left thinking that you just basically stole from them because they either don't get paid in a timely fashion or don't get paid at all because Mercari keeps the funds. Either way the buyers and sellers are getting robbed because as the middle man when Mercari suddenly suspends an account you're unable to do ANYTHING - no messaging, purchasing, listing, selling, transferring funds - NOTHING! So from a buyers perspective, as the middle man Mercari will keep the item you paid for and not refund you, and from the sellers perspective Mercari will keep the funds the buyer transferred for you and not give them to you and you don't have your item because you have already shipped it to the seller. This is literally fraud at it's best! They need to be stopped and more people need to come here and say something. I worry for people that think all is good as they may have not had a negative experience yet, but boy oh boy do I not envy you if you are making sales upwards of $1000 and as soon as you go to transfer them to your account you are mysteriously suspended for supposed "suspicious activity" - speak up people so that they can change their ******* ways or be completely shut down!

Laughably atrocious customer service. It was the worst I've ever had the displeasure of dealing with, provided by ***** on their Facebook page. My friend sent me a referral code to sign up with, so I was supposed to receive a $10 referral coupon on top of the $10 coupon for signing up. I should've gotten $20, I got $10. I know this is the incorrect amount because I went on to invite my boyfriend, and he received $20 in the form of two separate coupons. I provided ***** my friend's referral code, asking if he could add the $10 to my account and the $2 to my friend's for referring me. Instead, he told me I already redeemed it and he could not provide more credits. I informed him that what I had used was my sign up coupon and I mentioned my boyfriend's success with receiving his coupons. ***** asked for my boyfriend's email, which I provided, and then he BANNED his account and warned me not to create multiple accounts. Mercari's service is amazingly horrible, the likes of which I have never seen before. I tried to argue and kept receiving generic responses warning me to refrain from this prohibited conduct. I even had my bf send him a message claiming his account to prove that we were two different people, but I soon realized that there was no way to get through Danny's astronomically thick skull. My bf's account remains banned and I never got the $10 credit, but I'll be deleting my account anyway. Nice way to lose two customers and I'll be sure to tell everyone to avoid this horrendous app.

Sellers NOT Protected! I have been using this app to sell designer items for several years. At first, I had good experiences with buyers. Now, I just experienced a young buyer who did not report any issues with Mercari, but made false accusations on a review, which a seller is unable to do anything about. Mercari's support team will not do anything without the buyer's approval so basically a seller is not protected. I would NEVER sell high-end items on this platform because a buyer can scam you and Mercari has NO policy and/or process in place to protect the seller. Lots of fake items being sold on the site so make sure you know how to tell if an item is authentic or not. I would recommend selling high-end items on a site that has quality control in place to verify scammers and fake products like 'LOLLIPUFF' which is one of the perfect platforms that verifies the authenticity of each high-end item prior to it being listed on the site. My biggest thing is making sure that any online marketplace has a process in place that protects both buyer and seller, which Mercari DOES NOT. So BE CAREFUL if you decide to use this platform. There are lots of marketplaces so do the research and make sure if you're a seller that you protect yourself from scammers. I would recommend 'POSHMARK' over this platform. Mercari definitely needs a better business plan in place and make the necessary revisions to their current business model.

HI I'm absolutely in disappointed with mercari procedures they suspended my account without advice and I'm totally honest customer my information is really true and my mistake was to add on other address is my po box addres because before that I was buying perfectly fine everything so that's absolutely bad for then totreat like that a new customer and then I'm received a messages from very excellent sellers but I have no access to answer to them questions. They think I cancelled the transactions and Ididn't mercari cancelled my all purchases without advice so I'm really sad because I'm not dishonest person.and know I received a message from mercari they told me they will cancel my account so that's so bad .well I think mercari have to let the sellers know what's wrong with the buyer that way the they don't have to message the buyer.

Seller review: I have been selling on this app since they first open. At first, it was good then it get worse. They constantly update the app which made it so difficult to navigate. They suspend sellers account for any and all reasons. If they "suspected" anything, they close down seller account first, then notify the seller. They do not value sellers at all. I have never ever see any customer service like this in an online selling platform. I understand they try to prevent people from opening multiple account to get coupons/discount, then dont offer it!! or find another way to offer it. Once they suspended your account, they locked you from create a new one, they locked your phone number, your email address, your home address, your devices, ect. The only 2 reasons i am sticking around is their 10% fee, is the lowest i can find and they have a lot of traffic on their app which make sale faster. I am patiently waiting for a new app to come out. Anyone who is reading this and has an idea, please go ahead a create a new selling app. just look at all the complaints about suspending account. I will leave and never even look back.

Buyer and seller be aware! They will suspend You for no real reason and revoke your account and delete all your hard work for no reason and make it impossible to contact them to resolve issue before they make decisions based of Paypal error! Paypal produced chargeback for using wrong accounts ' computer error ! Even when Paypal took responsibility , apologized and wrote them a letter on my behalf! They made there few dollars Of me and my buying and selling and got Rid of me like a bad habit for nothing I did !!! Be aware ! Even prior to this suspension for no reasons beyond your control and they take 12-24 hours to respond ! you can't be careful enough as I was and still They did what they did !

Mercari company deleted my account while mid transaction so I lost the item I was purchasing. Their reason was that I had multiple accounts and I don't! It was the first time I had signed up but I was using my husband's credit card who has an account but they gave me no warnings and just decided to delete and not let me re sign. I can't even reach them via phone and their emails are very vague!

Hi mercari I have downloaded your app and did not get the change to use it because it says I have a previous account that I'm positive I have never made!!!! And I entered both of my emails to try to log in since it says I have already have an account a open which I DON'T !!!! NEVER receive emails Beacaue I don't have an account open!!!!SO MY complaint is that you have no information in help center where we can contact !!!! SO you shouldn't call it the help Center if you can't help!!!!! Will never use this app or recommend it to anybody did not receive 10 dollar because I NEVER WAS ABLE TO OPEN AN ACCOUNT THAT YOU CLAIM THAT I HAVE OPEN!!!! SO VERY DISSAPOINTED!!

I have been using the app for about a month or atleast I thought I was using the app. I am not able to read messages. I have been very patient with Mercari, but have been forced to write this review. I have made several attempts to contact them, but have repeatedly received the same generic message. There is absolutely no customer service. It takes them days to even reply. So I have wasted time and wnergy on them for no reason. Mercari INvest in a call center or something. VERY UPSET UNISTALLING!!!

Absolutely terrible! Customer service is crap and they randomly revoke account all the time! Also people steal other people's photos for items to be sold all the time and the company does not care when it happens. I had a user that was selling the same item as me and they reported my item for being a fake because they wanted to sell their item over mine. I got my account suspended and tries to explain that my item was 100% real and that I had the receipts to prove it and they didn't care! Don't get this app! You will be treated like crap!

This app is a fraud. I've been a loyal seller and buyer for 2 years.
