i used to love mercari i sold many things on there and bought many things also. but recently i have ran into a problem what MANY MANY others have also experienced. So i sold a PlayStation on the platform and then tried to buy another console and the same minute that i bought another console with the money i earned from selling stuff on THEIR APP they canceled my orders, revoked my privileges and suspended my account. When contacting customer support to see what was wrong and i received an automated response with the EXTREMELY VAGUE explanation "unusual payment activity". the money in my account has no way of getting out and they are just gonna take that once they delete my account. i hope this despicable app gets shut down.

My account was suspended and I still have $400 balance , I can't log in anymore!! I try to send the message to them, and every time just copy and paste.Customer service is so bad, hard to contact and reply your questions they are like robots, and mercari could suspend your account with ANY reason!no any protection for both seller and buyer,I saw on the site, couple Japanese guys made and run this app, a lot of fake stuff selling in this app,feel like they just want to make quick money, and don't care about user's satisfaction, not really recommended, and be careful to use it, they might close your account and keep your money!

I bought a pair of red Timberland boots and haven't received them. I talked with Sxpreme Sells (the seller) for quite some time before they lowered the price of the boots to $100. I used two coupons this purchase; one that lowered the price by 10% and another that reduced the price by three dollars which gave me the grand total of $87 to pay. The seller uploaded the tracking number on the same day I paid (October 8th, 2017). Ever since then, the information I received from the USPS using the tracking number said, "Shipping Label Created, USPS Awaiting Item". The tracking number of the item is 92055902004365000005982013. It was after a week that I asked the seller what sort of shipping option they chose because I was aware of how different shipping options affect how long it takes for someone to receive a package. I didn't get a reply from Sxpreme Sells. Just as I was about to request a refund, my account was permanently banned because I was suspected of "suspicious activity". And this was my first transaction with them! Now, I can't get my money back and there's pretty much nothing I could do about it. Mercari itself is a scam and it's full with a bunch of scammers as well.
