I listed an iPad and if sold but I didnt know I had to wait for payment. How do I know my Mint condition Ipad wont be damaged by buyer before they complain?! Im cancelling that deal. Thanks for the warning.

I started sell some stuff on Mercari recently and within a month I have decided to quit selling there. I had some Louis Vuitton items and had some users giving me unbelievably low offers so I had to ignore or reject them. My items are perfectly authentic, with receipt or certificate of authentication. However, after I rejected several sellers my items kept getting deleted. I asked the CS why, and only answer I got so far is "multiple users have flagged your listings as counterfeit. Please refrain from selling counterfeit items", and I cannot even relist the items. What more I can do when the items have receipt or been authenticated ?!? And they say that if items that have been "reported" as fake sells, they will keep the money not giving it to me. ..What a scam! I am guessing that some people might have flagged my items as a retaliatory action, but Mercari don't even bother investigating the "counterfeit" claims and automatically accept their claims. Of course, that way they can make more money by stealing from the victims (in this case the sellers)! I am no longer selling on Mercari, even thougn their low commission was what attracted me at first. Higher commission is worth paying for the safety. I would rate zero stars if I could.
And after reading all the other review by sellers... Now I think it was a blessing in disguise that my items were flagged before being sold! The nasty buyers could just go ahead and purchase, then claiming that they are "fake" , receiving all their money back and keeping the item. I am not selling any item on this app until they implement more seller protections and control scammers .. like other company that has item shipped for their authentication center first or sellers can first send proof of authenticity (photos, receipts, authenticators' opinions, etc.) to Mercari first then list the item guaranteed by Mercari to be authentic (this way any dishonest buyers that claims items to be fake can be flagged for future reference).

If there was an option to give this company zero stars I would. Horrible customer service. Tried to buy a sweater. Error code pops up, can't purchase. Talk to customer service literally 8x throughout this fiasco as not counting email . Tried using a different credit card. Each time i spoke with customer service they said the problem has been fixed and it never was. Customer service is useless. Get email accusing me of fraud due to multiple times trying to purchase item with no success. Then after wasting all this time I receive another email saying my account has been removed..... somehow I committed "fraud" and endangered their community without even getting past the make offer page. Please don't waste your time like I wasted mine. Stick with poshmark or ebay. Mercari is a joke

please do not put your items for sale, do not project sellers only to buyers and hold your money for a long time. they are not reliable if the buyer decides to return the item mercari only reimburses them the money that takes away from you and never returns your package in a few words the buyer keeps your merchandise without paying it and mercari does not investigate and does not bother to have your package returned to you they are a scam

Where do I start. Out of three purchases. I have bought I have reicived on in tact the other broken and the other hasn't shown up it's been three weeks. This site is out of a horror film. I have had no response on the unshipped item. The broken item visually states an electronic error and was photographed together with the return request, and what do they do? Ask me for more photos of a non working electronic item. Come on... how are you to provide more photos of a non functioning heater than the stated error that means there is an electrical failure. On top of that the seller had already acknowledged and verbally accepted the return request! Mercari is a joke and is misleading in their procedures. I am taking a look at this and digging in to how many others they have ripped of as a company please share if Mercari has mislead or has denied a rightful claim just to keep the profits.

There are some genuine things I like about this app but it uses a terrible bait and switch method of offering coupons to get you to buy. "Have a friend create an account, get $__"
Nope. Never received the promised coupon. "Here's $_____ off your next purchase". Nope, not in my account. I contacted customer service and their response was that "the coupon expired", even though it was offered the second I completed my purchase. Another time I had an issue with a seller mislabeling the size and brand of an item I purchased and their customer service was again horrible. The app claims to protect or reimburse buyers but they refused to give me a refund, only credits. If Poshmark's shipping fee wasn't so outrageous, I'd never use this app again. Poshmark, Amazon, and Ebay all do such a better job of taking care of their customers.

They revoke my privileges because they didn't like my review. That's fine because I have all throughout the United States I have 10 different sites and I have one that goes overseas. I see a major lawsuit and I can't wait.

Your user privileges have been revoked because we determined that you have violated our Terms of Service. We will not be restoring your account. Please complete your in-progress transactions and request a Direct Deposit in order to receive your funds.

This is a horrible company . I sold two items and its impossible to get my money because they pretend they are not getting my emails. they send out so much spam. i sell items and cannot access the point to printshipping, i never get the emails, funny i always get their spam. they have not responded to my 42 emails

I have both sold and purchased items on Mercari. My biggest issue with Mercari is that there is no respect or protection for sellers from them. They side with the buyers over everything. My first poor experience with a buyer was over a makeup brush. I posted clear close up photos of the item, described it accurately and stated everything that I needed to state in the description. The buyer then requested a refund as the brush was "not as described", even though the photos showed what she was buying. Mercari did release the funds to me; however they credited the buyer even though she made a false claim. The buyer is never wrong to them. My second poor experience is still an ongoing dispute with the buyer. I sold an item to a buyer and shipped it the next day. The item was delivered to their post office and awaiting pickup from them. Two days had passed and the buyer had yet to pick up their package. I messaged them letting them know that it was awaiting pickup, with no response. Another two days pass and I message them again, asking them to please pickup their package, again with no response. This buyer was completely ignoring my messages even though they were on the app uploading listings and rating their own buyers. You would think they could at least reply saying I will get it in a few days or something, but no. You would also think that they would be more courteous as they are a seller themselves. I contacted Mercari about the situation and they sent the buyer a notification to pickup their package, again the buyer disregarded the message. A week after the package was delivered to the post office I message them once again telling them to either pickup their package or request it to be returned to me. If they wanted the package they would've gotten it by now. Mind you that if a package gets delivered to the post office, the buyer has 14 days to pick it up, then another 3 days to rate you. That could possibly be 17 days until you get any type of rating and payment from Mercari. They finally picked up their package and replied to me with a very rude message. I did my part as a seller to ship the package as soon as possible and message them a few days after it was still awaiting pickup. I contacted Mercari again over this issue with no help at all. This is not the first time that something like this has happened with this buyer judging by their reviews, 5 other people have experienced something similar. This buyer has yet to rate me, but judging by their attitude in the message they will most likely be giving me "poor" even though I did what I was supposed to do and what Mercari states for sellers to do. This is an issue that needs to be fixed. If there is enough evidence that the buyer or seller has unfairly rated a seller of buyer Mercari should delete the rating. Mercari's customer service is poor and a waste of time. They will not help you out at all. There are numerous sellers and buyers with poor ratings stating how they never rate or reply to messages. These types of people should not be allowed, but still are, on the app as they make the experience of selling or buying on Mercari unenjoyable. There is not any type of protection for sellers on this site which is sad as I do most of my sales through here. I think that they need to start taking the sellers side on certain issues and actually providing help to their customers not just copying and pasting pre-written messages that do absolutely nothing. I don't think that I will continue to sell on here anymore after these experiences, it is not worth the headache. If I were to have a worse experience with a buyer than the ones that I have already have Mercari would do absolutely nothing about it other than side with the buyer like always.

I am fuming right now.
I have been selling on this app for some time now. I have been selling watches and belts, knowingly selling as replicas, and making 100% certain that the customer knows this as well. Yes, this is against the rules and I know that. However, the fact that Mercari says I make their community "unsafe" pisses me off, as to the number of people blatantly scamming and selling counterfeit items as real is ungodly.
What's more, Mercari takes 10% of your sale, and claims that this is "easier" than eBay, who does not do this practice.
So, the fraudulent owners of Mercari completely ignore scammers, because guess what? More money for them!
I have been banned twice from this app. The second time, they froze my funds, which is at $450. ALL OF THE ITEMS HAD BEEN SHIPPED AND RECEIVED, AS WELL AS HAVE BEEN REVIEWED AT 5 STARS.
To have the funds released, they say they require my social security number as well as a government issued ID.
I hate everything about this app

i used to love mercari i sold many things on there and bought many things also. but recently i have ran into a problem what MANY MANY others have also experienced. So i sold a PlayStation on the platform and then tried to buy another console and the same minute that i bought another console with the money i earned from selling stuff on THEIR APP they canceled my orders, revoked my privileges and suspended my account. When contacting customer support to see what was wrong and i received an automated response with the EXTREMELY VAGUE explanation "unusual payment activity". the money in my account has no way of getting out and they are just gonna take that once they delete my account. i hope this despicable app gets shut down.

Seems to be a total scam.
Bought 2 Hermès bracelets and they never got shipped.
Could not reach sellers as Mercari website I think purposely does not work.
Customer service is terrible and just tries to stall you.
BBB has almost 1000 complaints
BEWARE

Sold a pair of UGGS boots, excited that someone bought it instantly (within an hour) but received a complaint that they had stain on them (which i posted all photos, not a single stain on the boots) and returned them back. However, this customer switched her ugly nasty boots with mine and customer service told me and my boyfriend that there is NO-ZERO foul play! No customer service help, just received an overall $#*!ed up service!.

Initially customer service gave me some trouble due to mistaken identity, however the (frustrating) problem was resolved. I must say that I enjoy the simplicity of Mercari. It is a more streamlined method of buying and selling than Ebay.

Mercari is a hypocrite they sell dangerous products like fake make up for example the Kylie Jenner lip kit anything to do with Kylie Jenner we are making 10% with every sale but claim you are not to alarm to sell these type of products if you sell something on there and its legit somehow they screw you if I fire claim something thats not true they go ahead and refund the money to the buyer You lose out on your products for example I sold a brand new pair of sneakers with tags and its original box by her claimed they were ripped Mercari granted them their money back And told I have to discard the sneakers so I lost out on a pair of brand new sneakers never received any money

I have over 115 great reviews on Marcia I've been selling on there for about 6 months and I noticed that it seemed like some of my money did not always come in on one particular sale I did not instantly write the buyer back because I knew that she was someone on happy with the product so I left it for a couple days so I could flood it with the other positive reviews that I knew were coming in so after about 3 days of sitting in my box Marcia then rated the buyer took the money and withdrew it for themselves and I have not received any reason as to why so that is just pretty shady activity to me

I am a new buyer to Mercari. I originally attempted to use my Paypal account to make a purchase using my iphone. The transaction would never go through so I was forced to log in using my desktop and pay with a credit card. The seller was very friendly and I received my item within 3 days. When I attempted to confirm that the order was received and rate the seller so that the funds could be released to them, I was unable. I messaged the seller about this and assured her that I would contact Mercari for help with this. They don't offer a customer service phone line so I emailed them and was messaged nearly 4 hours later, with no resolution to the issue. When I logged back in to my account the following day, I could see that the seller had responded to my concern but the site would not let me access or view the response or allow me to message the seller again. All contact between myself and the seller was cut off. Apparently, they were uninterested in making sure the seller was paid. I would say that anyone selling items there is taking a huge risk and wish that I had checked them out myself before purchasing through them.

After ordering 3 items from this website, my account was revoked due to suspicious activity. In a way I'm very happy, once I receive my items and rate the seller. I'm gonna cancel my cards and get a new one. Thanks Mercari you did a big favor.

They refused to release my money stating they suspect my selling items are unathentic then trick me to provide my SS and Driver license in order for them to release my money. Once I provided, they suspend my account and hold my money for 90 days even though I provided proof that my selling items are authentic, I even have satisfaction comments from the buyer. Then they said in order to release my money, i will have to provide provide proof of purchase of all of the items I sold on my accounts. Who in the world would have receipts of all "USED" items you sell on here? This request is ridiculous. I've been requesting protesting information and they didn't seem to want to respond, every email take 24hrs to reply and they select the information they want to respond. Horrible customer service.

The WORSE help center ever! Mercari replies with Fake Names and wont tell me why they suspended my account. They said its because my bank was investigating. Investigating what? BofA says no such thing. This company is shady. Go to GOAT or EBay. Mercari is nothing but trouble!

Customer never bothered to rate me, this meant I had to wait 9 days before mercari released my money.5 days later still no money in my account.

Ridiculous customer service, very frustrating site. People report your items all the time and get removed, you get suspended for no reason and lose sales, they rip you off, customer service do not read your messaged properly and reply any rubbish with you having to repeat yourself. Silly site that hasn't been thought through properly and needs better customer service staff.

I have been buying and selling on Mercari for roughly a year and a half. I switched over my listings from Poshmark due to their excessive commissions and, at the time, inability to offer buyers free shipping. I haven't looked back since, as Mercari facilitates transactions smoothly and payment for sales is quick and easy. One thing I bought got lost in the mail and Mercari was quick to refund me. Things sell really fast on here too, which I love. I've had items sell within 5 minutes of listing them. Mercari frequently offers coupons as a way to drive sales, and this works great for both buyers and sellers, as sellers still get their asking price and buyer gets to save some coin. As a buyer, I have no complaints. As a seller, my only complaint is the recent revocation of the ability for sellers in the state of California to apply their balance towards payment of goods on Mercari. CA sellers are now forced to withdraw their balance due to "compliance"(Mercari's Twitter explanation). Mercari would have gotten 5 stars from me if not for that.

They are a law to themselves ! Ripped me off and I lost money due to a buyer returning item , which I had listed very clearly , no protection for sellers at all ! stay clear , customer service is a joke ! No help whatsoever , took my sale and my money without giving me a chance to do anything absolute rip off ! No one person will deal with a complaint from you so no one person is responsible .

MERCARI seems to give extra to help BAD USERS..AS I WAS WITH THEM FOR ++++YEARS AND AFTER THEY WOULD NOT HELP ME *I SPOKE OUT AND WAS BANNED* BYE BYE AND HELLO EBAY! They went DOWN HILL AFTER GOING PUBLIC!

I sell on Mercari for 8 months and I love it. I sell a lot very satisfied everyone is nice you received payment when the buyer received the item. Everything goes according to plan. I STOP SELLING ON EBAY.

Tried to purchase several items and pay with PayPal - was always unable to complete the transaction once PayPal sent me back to their site. There is no Chat or Phone support so all you can do for help is email. They do answer emails, however when you write a reply to their email, all you get in return is blank emails. Tried two days in a row. I'm done with Mercari.

Completely un merited shutdowns..
Can't see the difference between the authentic and fake items. Horrible costumer service. Complete idiots...

I purchased a swimsuit and I thought I fit it well because I usually fit well, but it turns out that they dont fit me as well as I expected. I tried to contact the seller, but no section to be found. I also contacted the help center and they told me to take pics of the item which is ridiculous. They said that they help me return the item for the full refund, but they didnt. I feel as thought Ive been cheated from that site. From now on, Ill close my Mercari account and never buy (or sell) items from this site again. They ripped me off and I lost my money. Ill stand up for whats right against them. Horrible site w/ horrible service.

MERCARI AND ALL ITS CUSTOMER SERVICE CAN KISS MY A$$. MY ACCOUNT WAS IN PERFECT CONDITION, 15 positive reviews and no negative or neutrals. Made a transfer to my bank account, next thing you know my bank is telling me my account has been hacked, and next fcking thing you know, I go to Mercari and Im banned from there?! Obviously one of their low end a$$ bithc $#*! a$$ piece of shi* tried to hack my account and fcked up so he had to just cancel my account.

Shut me down claiming I had a previous account that was shut down for violating rules not true but they continue to take 10% from sales of counterfeit makeup and sneakers even seen counterfeit money being sold

Beware Mercari. They have made a deal with USPS were they'll sell you a 2 day shipping label but it's a scam on their part. Shipping labels don't update on delivery time and mercari cancels your sale and you loose your money. I closed my account. Never again. Go with amazon. They're not called Amazon for nothing!

I just received my first package from Mercari and I'm very satisfied. Item arrived only 2 days atter i ordered, perfectly packaged and exactly as described. I have couple of items posted on my profile for selling so let's see how that goes, but so far I'm loving this app. It's very easy to use and has a lot of nice, inexpensive stuff. My purchase was a moto jacket, new with tags, perfect condition for only 14 dollars shipping included, plus i took advantage of 5 dollars off the app gave me for being a new member so i ended paying only 9 dollars :D

They suspended my account no reason iwill clise my account imedetly!!they are such idiot i try to buy somthing but i did not bc you payment not progress I try 50 times at least i did not like at all

Dont waste your time selling here. Customer service does not protect sellers from scammers. Had someone buy something claiming they didnt receive the item when the tracking status specifically stated. Had sold here 29 times and received all five star rating. They suspended my account and when i asked why all they said was the customer didnt receive the item. Sell from this app if you like to give stuff out for free and deal with liars.

Lost money and received poor rating for NO reason... contacted support only to be told there was nothing they could do. Paid very quickly and had great communication with seller, except seller shipped my item over a week late and not as described. Furious how they can over look this issue and say please contact us only to be told saaaame thing. Do not waste your time!

I bought about 15 things and sold 10 things with Mercari. Then they said my deposit was cancelled because my account information was wrong. This is the exact same account I had several deposits already made with. I contacted my bank and they confirmed my account information was correct. But all my emails to Mercari as well as attempts at Facebook chat were a waste of time, they just keep blaming my bank even when I showed them screen shots of the previous deposits and withdrawls and the exact bank account information. Talking to customer service is banging your head against the wall, but less fun. I have no way of getting my money out.

I opened my own account from my husband and they suspended mine and his account due to suspicious activity per household. This is unfair to the sellers and buyers because you should be able to have an individual account of your own???? The sellers have some really good deals but the buyers can not purchase due to customer service suspensions.

A seller tried to get one over on me by claiming some FAKE Nikes were real. After a lot of research and only finding those products on days old and temporary Chinese sites, I contacted Nike directly. It was confirmed that the products were fake. However, I did receive an email hours later stating they are only supposed to confirm authenticity with authorities. I think thats an idiotic policy but its too late, they confirmed the fakes. I send all information straight to Mercari. All the proof and how theres no way this seller is posting authentic items. Mercari said thank you and gave me a $5 coupon. I dont care about that. I want to buy authentic products. Its been well over a week and that seller is still selling fake products. Theyve never removed the seller or their products. So much for their policy about authenticity. After talking to other people theyve also left Mercari because theyve received fake makeup products, bags, shoes, etc.. Looks like its time to move solely over to PoshMark! At least they take action when you provide proof of fake products. Buyer BEWARE!

I used this app for purchase for a small time and it that time I did NOT receive 3 of 4 purchases. Sellers just decide not to send items purchased and it's that simple, you contact Mercari and after time consuming back and forth they might cancel it and you're left with no purchase items and a delayed refund. This is NO eBay and that's not saying much.
On the selling end, they have you generate a shipping label and both times my package has been lost in usps transit? The tracking just halts in the middle? So after you do all the leg work of trying to find out what happen, Mercari refunds the purchaser, cancels your sale, says they are not responsible and you are left with no money from what you sold or the item you sold. Total loss and Mercari tells you basically oh well. Never ever using this app again!!

I have been using this app to sell designer items for several years. At first, I had good experiences with buyers. Now, I just experienced a young buyer who did not report any issues with Mercari, but made false accusations on a review, which a seller is unable to do anything about. Mercari's support team will not do anything without the buyer's approval so basically a seller is not protected. I would NEVER sell high-end items on this platform because a buyer can scam you and Mercari has NO policy and/or process in place to protect the seller. Lots of fake items being sold on the site so make sure you know how to tell if an item is authentic or not.
I would recommend selling high-end items on a site that has quality control in place to verify scammers and fake products like 'LOLLIPUFF' which is one of the perfect platforms that verifies the authenticity of each high-end item prior to it being listed on the site. My biggest thing is making sure that any online marketplace has a process in place that protects both buyer and seller, which Mercari DOES NOT. So BE CAREFUL if you decide to use this platform. There are lots of marketplaces so do the research and make sure if you're a seller that you protect yourself from scammers. I would recommend 'POSHMARK' over this platform. Mercari definitely needs a better business plan in place and make the necessary revisions to their current business model.

Being an honest seller does not guarantee you a fair treatment on this app, buyer still could make up excuses to return, Mercari would approve the return then ask you whether you want the item to be returned back to you, WT??? An item worth of several hundreds dollars who is just going to throw it away? Should that be even an option? I pulled off all my expensive items out of that app right there right then, the garbage app deserves to sell garbages there.

I was selling just a lil but enough to buy my girls clothes through the app which was great due to deals. My sister had a baby and I told Eric about the app since baby's grow so fast it's more convenient to buy them clothes in great condition for a portion of it's price. She decided to get the app and on her first purchase both of our accounts were suspended. They claimed it was due to multiple accounts, suspicious payment and fraudulent activity. No more said, I tried to explain it was not my account and the payment looked suspicious cause obviously her account had her debit card not mine, again cause it was NOT my account. They simply sent a message stating they would not restore our accounts. I tried to set up another account with my husband's information and debit card (I am unemployed and this was my best way to get things for my girls so I was desperate) but I guess they blacklist my address because they suspended that account indefinitely due to suspicious activity no more said. The app is crap their customer service is no customer service but seems more like automated responses for certain transactions or questions asked when they are messaged. Otherwise there is a lot of people giving good deals, it's too bad they are so bad.

I'm a new customer in mercari and I had a bad experience after they sent me a message to telling me that my account has been suspended without advice and strong reason so I asked why and they told me by message that I have irregularities in my way to pay or account and that's totally negative because I have only one way to make a payments and that's with PayPal, I'm absolutely in disappointed with mercari team, because PayPal is very serious and honest company mercari cancelled my purchases without advice and the sellers still message me because they don't know what's wrong I don't access to message the sellers and give them a explanation I think mercari made a mistake my only mistake was this morning I added a new address and that was my po box addres I assume that address it wasn't associated with my account because I have my physical address associated with my account but anyways that's not big deal because it just the address.
I think the unique thing good mercari have is the really beautiful sellers very nice but MERCARI is absolutely bad .

They suspended my account for selling and there is no way I can get my funds out of the account. They require me to give them my social security number but there is no way in heck I am going to give someone I don't know my social. I am losing 1,000$ in stuff I sold and can't even receive my money. I emailed them if I could do an alternative and give them the last four of my social instead but they weren't understanding about that at all either!! I hate Mercari, do not sell on there!!!

I purchased a sweater from Mercari and when received it noticed that there is big hole on it. I contacted the seller and uploaded clear pictures of the damage. The resolution center gave me a store credit which I didn't want to instead of giving me a full refund. It forces me to ship from " Mercari" !!!! Unfair decision. Instead of sending notification to the seller, they forced me to do purchases from that site again....

Why do you suspend people from your service with such a heavy hand and provide little to no explanation? You suspended everyone in my household's account, claiming that everyone was violating the terms of service. You suspend my account with no explanation for sending inappropriate comments (which to this day i cant figure out what was said). I have sent at least 15 emails asking for an explanation and get varying degrees of vague scripted responses, sometimes completely unrelated. To combat your authoritarian and unethical (and quite distrubring) practices of punishing people, i have continued to sign up for a new account, complete positive and polite transactions and you still ban my accounts, claiming previously suspensions are not allowed to create a new account...But i dont think my original ban was even real!! You also claim you sent me several warnings "including a final warning" and when i asked you for evidence of this, you ignore me.
You have now banned my daughter'[s account and my wifes account simply because they share the same address as me. Thats not right at all. You canceled several sales that my wife has made which help support my family, and have deleted her account.
Can you please knowledge that you are aware that you are the only service of this type that throws customer suspensions around like dollar bills at a gentlemen's club? This is insane, and Im going to make sure i do everything in my power to educate the public on your unethical and distasteful operating practices.
Mercari, until my next suspension and please dont forget ichi-go ichi-e!

great items at excellent prices. Shipping is fast and customer service is responsive. First time users can use the following code for a 10 dollar off coupon, FSWCVZ

Buyers and sellers be aware. They will suspend and revoke you in the blink of a eye without explaining! And accuse you of such horrible things without ever asking you! Customer service is impossible!! They take 10 percent of the sales and take forever to respond which is never a detail response always super vague and normally unhelpful in my experience! You can never be careful enough ! Rank up 100s of great rating for them just to take it all in blink of a eye for false assumptions on there part!!

I see a lot of negative reviews. It may be that they have now improovedbecause I absolutely love mercari. I have pretty much switched over from ebay selling used books.
I have not seen any problems with mercari at all. I feel that the selling and buying features are outstanding, and I love the fact that the fees are simply 10% . this makes it extremely easy to list items.
Being a book seller the only thing I would like to see differently would. Sing able to sell at mid level between dollars ( like $ 6.50 instead of $ 6 or 7 ) they only allow to sell in whole dollar amounts.. This is not a big deal , it me just nitpicking . other than that small flaw that I can except I highly recommend mercari, and would go as far to say they are the best..
Complaints I hear ...
Payments only processed on Mondays.. My response . who cares.. Paypal holds funds pending for up to 21 days if selling on eBay.
Buyer not paid till reviewed..my response. Get over it.. And if buyer does not respond after 3 days of receiving item mercari automatically gives you a great rating and makes funds available
Hard to refund. My response.... Don't sell items that you know will be need to return.
Over all I feel mercari is the best. Keep it up mercari I am here to stay

My daughter sold her American Girl Doll through them and never received her money.
They kept telling her the money was in her account. We never received a dime, which I'm assuming the buyer paid them.

I was kicked off of Mercari because I did not know if two Items were authentic.I clearly stated that they were not authentic just a regular pair shoes no name Brand and just a regular pocketbook people are constantly selling stuff on there like it. I was treated like a common criminal my sales show that I was a good seller my Item were always low I pretty much was giving it away people were nitpicking me to death I had people scamming me constantly and trying to keep my money and I even had Items stolen from me. Also I lost a lot of stuff in postage shipping and all the time I was patient I tried to contact service I tried to go through all the procedures it seem like I was constantly contacting customer service just to get my money. Yes I am upset I am a disabled woman doing this to try to pay medical cost and medicine selling my stuff cheap. I am honest and I highly respect myself for that and my sales showed that I was honest I made a couple mistakes and I was terminated. Mistakes I didn't even know I was doing. I was very naïve when I first started this and I have tried to learn from it I was totally shocked when I received a text saying I had been terminated definitely why don't They definitely terminate some of the scammers for instance people receive your item in excellent condition but know the rules file a complaint that there was something wrong they get to keep your Item and receive credits to spend you don't get your Item back.as a seller you do not get the protection they do they get rewarded for lying and stealing your stuff even after you take four pictures to prove that its quality And anything else that they need to know. Which a lot of good it does you the majority of them do not even read your profile your background your information or even look at your pictures they just know they won't It. Even if it means wasting your time asking you questions written under the descriptions. I don't recommended the app because like me who invested a lot of time and effort hang still got kicked off back only being honest and yes a little naïve so shame on you shame on you for treating people who are honest like you treated me.

Absolutely no customer service!!!non-friendly user app!! Outrageous demands on return policy.. ( so that it is impossible to prove your reason for return)
WARNING!!!! Do not download App!!!

I have been selling on mercari UK for almost 5 weeks.

I have also purchased some items from other sellers.

In total I made 9 purchases & only three was delivered. Either the seller ignored me or gave me excuses as to why they didn't ship the item. Out of the three that came one was as described, one came 3 weeks later & the third was a counterfeit.

Of course once the transactions was cancelled you cannot leave the seller feedback.

I have sold over 15 items. Two of which I was scammed by the buyer.

One was a "Not as described" claim. This buyer claimed that the items wasn't sealed ( which they was) she then told mercari that she used the item, & they sent her an email stating that she isn't entitled for a refund as she used it but instead gave her the balance as "credits" which she showed me.
She then told me she wasn't going to send it back as she already got the refund.

They mercari told me that I have to accept this item back even thou she used it. Which I find disgusting and scheming. So basically mercari won't refund her because she used my item but instead gave her credits to the same value of which I will have to account for by accepting her dirty used item back.

Mercari offers no seller protection and I will be reporting them. The site is full of scammers, under age children & people asking for expensive items for stupid prices.

the second item I sold was cancelled by mercari because the buyer didn't confirm her identity. But I was able to claim my money back as I had proof that the item was delivered.

So if you sell something mark it as posted before you send it. Always send the item tracked. Use your own pictures. Don't create listings for people for a bundle of items or if you do, photograph all the items and use those pictures on the listing.

Mercari should be closed. They make money from stealing from sellers by closing their accounts and keeping their money.

The customer service don't give a $#*! and think they can force you in to accepting what they want.

Stay clear eBay might be expensive but if things go wrong at least your protected and the buyers that scam you get done for fraud.

I received an item from Mercari that was a different size than was listed and they refused to authorize a return of the item and suggested I relist the item on their site to make my money back. I believe this is poor business and also it allows them to make more money by encouraging multiple transactions on the same item. They are dishonest. I do not recommend using their service.

From a buyer's perspective, Mercari leaves a bit to be desired. The sellers here are not professional. Items are often listed without any further details. Information about item condition, item size or even just the color are missing. Most sellers here will not respond to your requests for further information. Before the seller's fees were instituted, prices were a lot lower. Now, Mercari prices are the same as or higher than other apps with better buyer protection.

Searching on Mercari is a pain. Everyone mistags their items as popular brands or search tags. Finding authentic items is more work than it should be.

Furthermore, Mercari's buyer protection is only marginally better than apps like Vinted. When I received an item that was not as described, I was issued a refund in the form of "Mercari Credits" instead of a refund to my original method of payment.

All in all, Mercari is okay for very low value items. There are better platforms out there

From a buyer's perspective, Mercari leaves a bit to be desired. The sellers here are not professional. Items are often listed without any further details. Information about item condition, item size or even just the color are missing. Most sellers here will not respond to your requests for further information. Before the seller's fees were instituted, prices were a lot lower. Now, Mercari prices are the same as or higher than other apps with better buyer protection.

Searching on Mercari is a pain. Everyone mistags their items as popular brands or search tags. Finding authentic items is more work than it should be.

Furthermore, Mercari's buyer protection is only marginally better than apps like Vinted. When I received an item that was not as described, I was issued a refund in the form of "Mercari Credits" instead of a refund to my original method of payment.

All in all, Mercari is okay for very low value items. There are better platforms out there.

We bought a instant camera, it arrived 2 weeks late, camera takes picture and no film comes out. Emailed customer service, said they were following up on the claim, finally got a email telling us the account was closed and to come back when 18. No refund of money. Now not responding to emails, no way to call this company.Turned it over to the credit card company. Don't make our mistake, Stay away from this company!

My wife and daughter decided to set up an online business and chose Merkari. All went well until we tried to transfer the money from the account to their bank account. First they said the account was not valid, and then they asked for information such as Social Security Number (Red Flag!). Next we changed the bank account and were told that the account had been "INDEFINITELY SUSPENDED"! For What? Trying to retrieve our funds? CAVEAT EMPTOR: BUYER (And SELLER) BEWARE!!! Then you try to find a way to contact them (email, via the app, via twitter, etc.) and Zilch! Nada! Nothing! Horrible people. If this helps even one person save their money, great!

Mericari monitors your message i told a buyer who wanted different colors of watches i was seller to send me his fb name as its easier to send the photo there and let him choose. They sent me a warning it's against the rules ok no problem..But if I put a bunch of one item and say my price is firm or i will not except low ball offer they will get mad and flag your item's. Next thing you know your account is suspended for warning ..Another bad thing you ship you product and buyer deceived they don't like they will file a dispute once tracking is available they get their money returned you could receive a empty box. It'd not right I own for legal reason they have to be strick but come on look after your sellers as well. Also don't make your pictures look good someone marks them as stock photo and you get your photo removed along with a warning. You get in too much trouble too easily. I've read so many sellers loosing their money. Yes there is a lot of fake items buyer should know if it'd a designer item new and cheap it's a fake. But they choose to buy the cheap stuff then if the seller does that like they file a dispute get their money back and you don't get your product..I used to sell at flea market festivals and other online sites. I have a lot of nice things I need to get rid of i cant sell online becisee items are so cheap price no one wants to pay for shipping therefore I send two or three nice free gifts. . The best way to sell is use these app where you meet up and trade in a public place. That way they see what they are getting and you get paid right then..

I know some people who've had their account suspended by Mercari and money seized. I've also read a lot of reviews of same. For those people that want to take action against Mercari, write a letter to the Attorney General in your state explaining the situation then send a copy of same letter to both the Attorney General in Delaware (where Mercari is Incorporated) and the Attorney General in California (where Mercari is located and is registered with the Secretary of State as a Delaware Corp.). Mercari claims to have made MILLIONS in 2016 and that is strange since for the most of that year THERE WERE NO SELLER FEES PAID TO MERCARI. So how did Mercari make their money? Were their profits the result of the HUNDREDS of people who've had their account closed and money seized by Mercari? I wouldn't be surprised.

Mercari told me to contact my bank and i did and my bank told me that the payment of the cancelled order did go through and was processed and then the refund was never sent back to my card. Why is my account being closed when this is not my fault? I still havent recieved the refund and the payment was processed when it wasnt supposed to be and i was supposed to have a refund. I love using Mercari and have purchased many items and sold an item too. I never had a issue til this happened. I need my refund the order was cancelled and the payment was processed instead of a refund being sent back to me. My account shouldnt be closed because mercari told me to contact my bank and ask about the situation. This is not fair my account gets closed and im charged for an order that was cancelled by the seller for no reason and then my refund never came back. MERCARI NEVER SENT ME THE REFUND FOR A ORDER THE SELLER CANCELLED ...THEN MERCARI LIES TO ME AND SAYS THE PAYMENT WASNT PROCESSED AND MY BANK STATEMENT AND BANK TOLD ME IT WAS PROCESSED AND THE REFUND WAS NEVER SENT. MERCARI LIED TO ME, STOLE MY MONEY AND THEN DELETED MY ACCOUNT.

I feel bad because I have recommended this site to several of my friends and family. I had good luck selling, made sales, things were going well. Today I found out that I am at the mercy of the US postal service. I thought I had reviewed the site carefully, yeah I had to pay 10% on my sales, but hey they handle everything UNTIL I sent a planter that arrived to the buyer broken. Well the buyer got their refund, as for me, well even though I shipped the item with the insurance. I have to go thru the post office to TRY and get a refund. Yep, that's right, Mercari DOESN"T tell you that if an item is damaged that YOU have to go thru the post office to get a refund, they make it sound "like don't worry your product is insured". Mercari has the pictures of the planter before, and they have pictures of it broken, I don't, but they "offered" to send them to me if I contacted them. Duh, of course I am going to need the pictures. You would think since they have all the information they would handle the insurance, after all it's their label I am using, but nope!! I will not sell anything breakable or worth a lot of money thru them any more. After reading reviews it seems they do a great job of protecting the buyer BUT not the seller, who they take 10% from, you think they would protect of because it's our money they get!! If people stop selling on their app. where will they be ?? So to all of you out there becareful because as the seller you lose!! In reviewing more about the company it seems they do very, very little to protect their sellers!!

So to update what they told me in an email today is they are holding my funds for 90 days then they will release it. So I guess we will see if that happens.
