Mercari is a terrible site. I sold a few items and they made it next to impossible to get my money out. I had problems getting into my account on my phone so I contacted them a few times with no help and what did they end up doing? They blocked my IP address so I couldn't even get onto my account from my computer! Luckily, I was able to use a friends phone to get onto my account to get my money out. Once I got my money request in it still took over a week for the money to get into my account. They have a lot of good deals on there but as a seller I don't trust it one bit. Will not be using this site again.

This went from being the best app to the worst app in the matter of a couple months. Looks like they are shutting down people’s pages for no reason and keeping their money for 6 months. What in the ffuck. This app probably won’t even be around to collect earnings in 6 months.

I recently purchased two items from two different sellers. Both sellers created shipping labels but never actually shipped the items. After receiving the run around from Mercari I opened complaints with PayPal and my bank in order to receive a refund.

Do not use this app they will steel your money and merchandise. I sold two items that I didn’t get paid for and I was accused of being a fraud. When I called to sort this out they would not even consider it. They wouldn’t let me show proof that I am not a criminal. I’m going to seek legal counsel because it looks like there are a lot of people who have gotten taken advantage of by this app. This is a fraud app that is scamming people left and right.

I'm sending the police to go and them, it's a scam. They think they can hold people's money for stupid reasons.
After selling my iPhone x, they are now asking me to provide proof of postage, proof of purchase, bank statement, and photo id which I complied.
They then turn around to ask me how come I have put 3 different phones for sale, which I thought was a silly.
Meanwhile I had this phone on website for over a week and they found it necessary to through compliance procedures till my phone got bought and they had my money.
Now they have blocked me from the buyer which I think has been their strategy.
This website must be shut down!

please do not put your items for sale, do not project sellers only to buyers and hold your money for a long time. they are not reliable if the buyer decides to return the item mercari only reimburses them the money that takes away from you and never returns your package in a few words the buyer keeps your merchandise without paying it and mercari does not investigate and does not bother to have your package returned to you they are a scam

There are some genuine things I like about this app but it uses a terrible bait and switch method of offering coupons to get you to buy. "Have a friend create an account, get $__"
Nope. Never received the promised coupon. "Here's $_____ off your next purchase". Nope, not in my account. I contacted customer service and their response was that "the coupon expired", even though it was offered the second I completed my purchase. Another time I had an issue with a seller mislabeling the size and brand of an item I purchased and their customer service was again horrible. The app claims to protect or reimburse buyers but they refused to give me a refund, only credits. If Poshmark's shipping fee wasn't so outrageous, I'd never use this app again. Poshmark, Amazon, and Ebay all do such a better job of taking care of their customers.

I do not recommend this app. I should have done my research first because then I wouldn't have wasted my time with them. I had a buyer who basically went from sweet to psycho on me because I didn't want to triple discount her on an already discounted item. I reached out to them as they ask you to and asked them to cancel the transaction because now I'm convinced this woman is crazy and I no longer want to do anything transactions with her. They cancelled the order for me great thanks. I then asked them to have the item rerouted. I was told that I have to reach out to the Post Office to do this. I reached out to the Post they then tell me that Mercari would have to take care of that since they produced the shipping label. I email them back to let them know. Two full days go by and no response. They finally follow up to tell me that they can't help because the package had already been delivered. No kidding since you got back to me two days later when I had reached out well before she would have received the item. Guys, please don't waste your time. There are way better options if you want to sell your items.

My first and only experience, found a iphone se for a great price. Sent message to seller no response. Order the phone and paid with paypal. No email update. Check on website order canceled by the seller. No communication at all with seller yabusgevsky. Just bailed on me

Been on Mercari for over 3 weeks now had one Hiccup with a buyer messaged Mercari customer service had a quick response back to me was sorted out fast also when had other Queries i had quick responses From customer service and found out all the answers i needed to sell and buy on Mercari successful i personally find the platform to be better than Ebay it is so easy to sell and communicate and to list items with out fuss it gives me a platform were i am able to offer my buyers cheap items Rather than higher prices Keep up the Good work Mercari and continue to keep offering the level of service you do

The absolute worst customer service of any online store.

I made an account, shopped and purchased one item. I then was banned, unbeknownst to me. I was told that the reason for my ban was "multiple accounts".
I contacted customer service via message, they give me no explanation, they only informed me that the ban was irrevocable. I asked to speak by phone, offered to send in my ID. They simply said that they do not offer phone service, and that my ban is permanent.
I really did not have multiple accounts. If I did I would simply go and make another account. Now, however I am sure they have banned my phone's number MSIN number, and now my email address and my rare name is on their list.
So am banned for life from Mercari for literally nothing.

HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE.. they do not help you at all. I sold an item and my buyer never rate me, I send 3 messages and nothing. I contacted customer service and they told me I hasn’t to wait 3 days for Mercari to rate me. As soon as the 3 days hit, I contacted Mercari customer service, well now I have to wait 24 AGAIN to wait for the buyer to rate me. When I have already gave 3 DAYS. And supposedly they can’t do nothing about it. I hate this app. This was my first and last time using this app. I do not recommend this app to anyone

I found an item I wanted to purchase and was unable to use my Paypal account, maybe because I did not wish to download the app to my phone for just this one time purchase. I finally completed the transaction via my desktop, using a credit card. The seller was awesome and very genuine. I received my item within 3 days. The issue is that the seller cannot be paid until I conform receipt of the purchase, which the system will not allow me to do. I messaged the seller to inform of this and went on to email customer service (they do not have a customer service phone line) as well. Nearly 4 hours later, I received a reply from Mercari that was not at all helpful in resolving the issue. I did get notification that the seller had also messaged me back but I was blocked from reading it and am now not being allowed to message the seller directly any more. I think it is very unfortunate for the sellers who are legitimate and fulfilling their responsibilities related to the transaction. I will never purchase there again and only if you enjoy being jerked around and beat out of your money should you sell there.

I love this app, I have sold a lot of my unwanted items and I have bought a lot of items for a lot cheaper than the retail price, even with shipping cost. I like the fact that the items gets paid upfront and we have to rate each other before the funds are released, even if you don’t get rate within certain days costumer care will release the funds to you.
I do not like a few things like you can’t share more picture in the message board, and you are not allow to share your closet. One of the things I would like to see if brand parties where you can share your items.

They do not protect sellers at all , customer service absolutely usuless and a law unto themselves , I'm out of pocket due to them not protecting seller, generated emails from (the other part of the cartoon duo ... & Jerry) , no help stay well clear constant emails sent and get same generic replies . Lip service as replies on here . Nothing personal in review just truth about customer service agents in general as well as genetic replies , never anyone person can deal with a complaint as many reply a little like sheep following each other.

10 ********* Excellent customer service, Highly Recommend

I’ve been using Mercari since they launched the app and believe it or not as much as this app grows it gets worse and worse !!! It was at some point for sellers and buyers better than many apps that have been there forever !! It all started when they decided to suspend both mine and my husband’s account claiming that it’s multiple accounts even though it’s 2 different human beings that has the right to have different accounts anyway let’s go further !!! We settled up with them by deleting my husband account and keeping mine that kept on being suspended on a weekly basis which I believe because it was an active account and I was making enough money to quit my part time job and work from home and wait a second knowing that Mercari was earning a descent amount of $ from my account with that 10% that adds up at the end of the day !!! I used to sell around 1k$ a week without bothering nobody till they decided to review my account for around a month which pushed me to open another account since I had no income and the customer support stopped to answer so after a while they answered by saying we apologize we reinstated your account and sorry for any inconvenience so I came back to my old account where I had over 1100 successful sales and just ignored the newly created account and everything was fine regardless of all that stress that caused for no reason and here we go a week ago I received an email saying I’m suspended forever because of multiple accounts and I shouldn’t even try to open a new account coz my funds will not be realeased if I do so !!! That’s unbelievable! I admit I’m making money there and I like it and they’re making money too from my sellings come on that’s unfair !! They act like terminator!! That’s it you’re dead !! I never wanted to have multiple accounts nor I could manage two accounts since with one I’m barely having time for my family !! They have to update their policies and verify identity to 1 account per user and stop torturing their users !! I’m ready to verify 1 account and that’s it let me work and make my living plus get your 10% forever !!! That’s really unfair they’re just loosing all their valuable users that have been there forever to have those new users that sells used underwear that’s bad !! I hope somebody hears that and help me and the app to get back where it belongs on top ratings apps !!

If there is the option to give that grap app 0. I would like to do that because they don't even deserve 1.
I was new customers and I ordered only one item without coupon and after that they cancelled my account and the purchase too so until now I don't know why because I used paypal and they told by the answer machine or robot message of course because they don't have physical customer service. that I have irregularities in my account I can't believe that because if paypal approved my payment why they don't accepted and they cancelled my account for no reason and they don't give me opportunity to fixed any mistakes, so I would never recommend MERCARI To nobody I think MERCARI they want to make business buy they pray to God so that clients do not arrive and if somebody sign up them throw them away and cancelled the account for NO REASON. I'm really sure mercari it's going to dissappear. That way.

I used my friend's referral code and it didn't work. Using it was supposed to get me $10 and give her $2. On top of that, you get $10 for signing up. I only got the sign up coupon, so I messaged Mercari on Facebook asking if they could add the credits. Danny told me I had already used the referral coupon. I informed them I hadn't and that when I referred my boyfriend, he received two coupons. He asked for my boyfriend's email, then banned his account and sent me a warning to prohibit from making multiple accounts. After asking Danny to clarify, I received generic responses saying that account would stay banned. My boyfriend messaged Mercari to inform them that he had made the account and we're actually two different people, but Danny is too mentally handicapped to understand. I have never experienced such horrendous customer service. By going to Mercari for help, they ended up banning my boyfriend's account, accusing me of making multiple accounts, and never giving me the $10 referral coupon. When I asked for a legitimate reason they believed I was committing fraud, Danny stopped replying. Please never work in customer service again, Danny, you giant, bumbling moron. Mercari, step up your game because your app is currently terrible and people are posting complaints left and right about losing money, having no protection, and being banned for no reason.

Nice way to lose two customers, but don't worry, I'll be sure to make it more than that when I tell everyone to avoid this horrendous app.

By the way, I would LOVE to get in touch with US Mercari's customer service but it's nonexistent. I've sent emails and gotten no response, whereas the U.K. replies immediately. In fact, the only person I can get in touch with is Danny the Neanderthal on Mercari's Facebook page.

This company is not fair to its buyers i have a 5 star rating as a seller and i sent out and old iphone i wasnt using to a buyer. Tracking shows it was delivered but the buyer never rated me it has been past the alloted time frame for a response and mecari is giving additional time outside of the guidelines for him to rate me which is unfair, they are refusing to release my funds, im seriously thinking about switching to ebay!

Sold 8 items since Sunday evening excellent customer service cannot fault it

Mercari:

Why do you suspend people from your service with such a heavy hand and provide little to no explanation? You suspended everyone in my household's account, claiming that everyone was violating the terms of service. You suspend my account with no explanation for sending inappropriate comments (which to this day i cant figure out what was said). I have sent at least 15 emails asking for an explanation and get varying degrees of vague scripted responses, sometimes completely unrelated. To combat your authoritarian and unethical (and quite distrubring) practices of punishing people, i have continued to sign up for a new account, complete positive and polite transactions and you still ban my accounts, claiming previously suspensions are not allowed to create a new account...But i dont think my original ban was even real!! You also claim you sent me several warnings "including a final warning" and when i asked you for evidence of this, you ignore me.

You have now banned my daughter'[s account and my wifes account simply because they share the same address as me. Thats not right at all. You canceled several sales that my wife has made which help support my family, and have deleted her account.

Can you please knowledge that you are aware that you are the only service of this type that throws customer suspensions around like dollar bills at a gentlemen's club? This is insane, and Im going to make sure i do everything in my power to educate the public on your unethical and distasteful operating practices.

Mercari, until my next suspension and please dont forget ichi-go ichi-e!

This company clearly lists if your item received is not as described they will refund you. Well for start you write them and takes forever for them to get back to you. Next they want to claim after sending pictures that your item is as described so they don't have to refund you. Which I googled and found sites listing the right description. I asked for contact information and to speak to a manager , they wouldn't give it. All I want is a refund on a product they clearly did not describe right

I received an item from Mercari that was a different size than was listed and they refused to authorize a return of the item and suggested I relist the item on their site to make my money back. I believe this is poor business and also it allows them to make more money by encouraging multiple transactions on the same item. They are dishonest. I do not recommend using their service.

Mercari is actually, in my opinion, a great platform to make extra money or buy some expensive things at a steep discount. I really have never had a problem with the site, and their customer service has always been great. I feel bad for people that get scammed by others, but ultimately that's really not Mercaris fault, they're the judge and jury and sometimes that's a hard job. Especially when everyone can just lie. It's important to buy and sell to folks with some rating and if you're trying to sell a BIG TICKET item videotape yourself packing it and sealing the package that way you have proof of your item. Anyway I just love Mercari and I love to shop on there all day long. My only complaint is having to apply a filter to "only show available items". Why would I want to see a deal I missed or an item that's no longer available? Lol. Other than that it's a minute hassle and I don't mind it much at all.

I am so disappointed with this site. I just started selling on there and things were going pretty smoothly. I work and currently are on an internship in addition to my full time job so needless to say, I do not have any extra time, however I promptly sent out the things that I have sold. I listed a Michael Kors bag that I purchased for almost $300 and sold for $45 because my family and I are moving and desperately needed to get rid of some things. Long story short, this scum of the earth purchased my bag and didn't rate me. For some reason the tracking took a while to appear, but when it did it was clear that it was delivered like my other packages were. Mercari has not released my money! I am reporting them to the BBB and I am seeking legal action for stolen property in the purchasers home town. DO NOT do business here, especially since you cannot verbally speak with anyone, it is very frustrating. Maybe there is a way that sites like this can get shut down!

Was ok to start with but people are now selling any old tut like half used lipsticks, part used shower gel etc are people that desperate for money they will even sell bras .

i wish i can rate this company to ZERO but dont have choice. my account has suspended perminantly, they said i have two accounts, Really!!! I dont have two accounts. they dhould email me or ask me for my ID etc. luckily i have not loose alot money which they have in their pocket But this is rediculas to close my account for false reason. I m just house wife and start using Mercari as my little spare time.
Anyways DONT USE THIS PLATEFORM, I dont see them fair and professional. Also there is not any way to contact them...@

I was doing ok with mercari until today. I had asked a seller to bundle some items for me, and then I found out that I wouldn't have the money for them. I asked the seller if they could send me an invoice through PayPal and I would pay with PayPal credit. I didn't know that I was breaking a rule. I should have read the policies, but grounding me for 24 hours and threatening me with losing my account seems to be a bit extreme. I will delete my account when I have no open orders.
