I have had nothing but good transactions w very fast shipping. Love posh mark I have met some wonderful ladies and hope to meet more. This is an open community buy and sell site YOU have to be mindful of who you are buying from and what you are buying. Great app!

terrible!!!!! Their rules are not enforced. They allow fake items to be sold on their website. If you dispute anything with paypal they will completely block you from making future purchases. These people are Scammers and will be reported on fox 5 news in my area.

I purchased NEW shoes listed as size 8.5. When received, they are WAY smaller than 8.5, though they are size 8.5, and are really cheaply made. Requested a return and was denied. So Im stuck with really over priced shoes that I cannot even get a foot into. Total Rip off!!!

Police don't make sense! I ordered two items from a seller and was shipped a wrong item. So I followed the instructions where you verify you received an order and marked wrong order and sent a description and pictures of what happened. Poshmark customer service got back offering me a $10 coupon to keep the item and let it go (the item I ordered was more than $10). I declined. Their next option: I have to ship everything I ordered back and get I full refund. I had no other options and two days to decide. I sent them multiple emails trying to come up with a different solution and they just kept telling me they didn't do partial returns or refunds. I kept saying it wasn't a return I didn't get the item I ordered and already paid for and they needed to fix that! I finally contacted the seller on her PUBLIC wall (I had no other way of contacting her) She apologized and we decided to do what they said and she would just resell me my order. So I shipped back the mistake item and the item I wanted to keep. Rebought the 2 items a few days later, everything seemed ok till they got lost in the mail!! So an item I had in my possession is lost because Poshmark made me return it. Out of a two-week hassle and lots of emails, I come out with literally nothing. Not even an apology or coupon from Poshmark. I can't believe they are still in business they seriously suck!

While there are certainly great deals on Poshmark and I've purchased many things, IF/WHEN you do have a problem with the seller (item not as described) you're in for a less than Zero experience with their customer service which is in no way professional, courteous, or friendly.

The only recourse you have is to file a dispute with your method of payment for a full refund.

Don't buy from them. If the item is not right, you can't return.They sent the wrong color and claimed it had "never been worn" when it obviously had. Stay clear!

Sold a necklace, the buyer decided they didn't like it and Poshmark allowed the return. I was OK with that, but when I received the returned necklace the buyer had broken the necklace and stole the cloth bag sold in, Poshmark just said Oh well! I immediately froze my account and will sell elsewhere, or give the items to charity. It is too easy to be ripped off on this site as a seller. They also post fake followers to accounts. They have me following over 100 people or accounts, I wasn't following anyone. Very fake and strange.

I purchased two items on posh mark with no trouble, the items were sent, after waiting about a week before they shipped, and although it took a long time for them to ship, when they did ship it arrived quickly and the items were as described. but two items I ordered and paid the money and the funds were withdrawn from my account, I waited a week to receive the 'shipping confirmation' and there was nothing! one time I had to ask Poshmark and they said the "sale was cancelled by the seller because the item was damaged." But the item was listed as 'sold'.
The second time this happened I waited a week for my order to be shipped and Poshmark sends an email saying the "item is cancelled, because the seller has 'changed their mind.'" CHANGED THEIR MIND?
Wow! I am out funds then for three weeks, the week I waited, and the two weeks to get the funds back in my bank account, and all for a WILD GOOSE CHASE!!! and some mysterious cancellations!!!
Then they do this weird thing called "following" which is creepy and reeks of stalking on their website, and you open your account and it says "so and so is following you"... wow! who asked for that?.
Then it is almost impossible to cancel your account!
I don't think they know what they are doing and do not regulate bad sellers and then the poor good sellers suffer from bad buyers. It is a shame!!!

I ordered an expensive coat on Poshmark. The seller never sent it and refused to have any contact with me although she sold on different sites. This site is not racist- anyone can have a bad experience.

Horrible customer service from returns department! Will NEVER buy from there again!!

My first purchase was "new with tags" full price. I immediately identified it as defective, not as advertised, not authentic. I submitted to the "team" pictures 5 times, numerous emails, never accepted the shipment. My refund is denied and I am told to open a poshmark store and sell them. This is completely unethical. I am out $66.00 plus shipping costs.
Sellers would love them, they never have to refund for fake items.

Hi, I bought shoes from Poshmark for $435. A few months later I decided to buy more things from Poshmark and maybe to sell as well. Every time I try to buy something it says, something went wrong. After 2 weeks of trying, I contacted customer service over email. They are not able to give their customers a phone number to call like they do on ebay. On Oct.16th I sent my first email to Poshmark, and on Oct. 21st, my problem has not been solved yet! No buying and No selling, because they have my old billing address. Even though I changed my address on my account. Every time I get a response from the same girl, Shabana, I need to wait for another answer for another 24 hours! My husband is a seller on ebay. Somebody from another country hacked into his account. On "Saturday" morning he called there with his problem and it was solved within 30 minutes. Poshmark made 20% on my shoe purchase and could make much more from other purchases and my customer representative is not able to help me with my problem in one week. And now the weekend is coming :)) I will sell and buy on kidizen and with good old ebay! Shame on Poshmark, they make money on customers, but are not able to give us the right customer service! What happend to customer service in America???

I am a seller on Poshmark and I've had nothing less than rewarding experiences. I received my money in a timely manner as well as great feedback from the buyers. I purchased a choker from a seller and it came as described brand new in its original packaging in excellent condition. I guess everyone has to try it for themselves. I'm a happy Posher

The company itself is trustworthy in that they will refund you if a seller doesn't come through. However, they have no vetting process for their "sellers". I've only attempted to purchase items twice through Poshmark and both times the seller never sent the item (even when there was correspondence between us about the item, i.e. the measurements, fabric, etc.). Poshmark refunded me but I will never buy from them again because their sellers are liars and aren't to be trusted about the item they are supposedly selling.

Poor customer service!!! I got a Zara sweater for $60 and when I received it, I realized it's fake ! It was half an hour after I received the item.,, they didn't refund me and they just gave me $25 credit!it means I lost $35 with no reason! I gave them extra emails but no response! I wanted to ask the seller refund my money and I would return the item(I hate fake ones)
But seller blocked me and is still selling... it means that every body can go and sell fake items without mentioning that and buyers will loose their money! I buy online most of the time from many websites and it was my first experience of loosing money for my the thing that wasn't my fault!!! Won't use Poshmark never ever....

I have purchased 14 items off poshmark. I received 8 of them. 1 was not as described (new with tags) it was damaged. I may add if they approve a return you have 48 hrs to get to post office or its void. (Funny cuz sellers get a week to ship it to you). 1 item im still waiting for any response from seller. 4 items the seller never shipped. Even when i would ask about the status, they replied it was shipped and i would receive in 2 to 3 days, and nothing. 2 weeks later, i cancelled the order. It helps if you message the seller and ask if they still have it. Or make an offer. I cant count how many times i make an offer on an item, and seller declines it, but removes listing. Most items on poshmark are also for sale on mercari. I believe sellers forget to remove listings on items sold on other sites. The entire time though the $ has been paid to them and they sit on it. When you cancel an order it takes 3 to 4 days to process your credit. I believe if they hold your money for a week and never ship it you should get something for all your time and trouble

If you are a seller looking to make quick $$$, do not sell on here. It takes a lot of your time and dedication. I sell and have bought. My buying expience was great. Selling is ok. There are a lot of great people on Posh! Then you come across people who send lowballing offers. Its like a game you have to to lean. Follow, share, etc. Very, time consuming! But. I give it 3 stars. You have to put in a lot of work to make sales happen! It’s def the best online selling tool out there. But if you don’t want to waste time, look for a local reseller!!

This company is riduculous. I did everything i was told and am now misding a vuitton bag and not paid. Dont sign up this plave has no customer sevuce

Awful customer service. I mean AWFUL. I've been conned out of $140.00 as the seller deleted my comments and blocked me straight after I paid. Have emailed 6 days in a row to ask for the order to be cancelled and have not had a reply outside of the automated response. Never buy from this site, too much of a risk and nobody to help you when it goes wrong. Try tradesy or depop instead.

Absolutely non-ethical company. Bought a dress, got dress, dress was labeled as a certain size but had clearly been shrunk. Zipper was warped, and wouldn't zip. Dress will never fit. Complained, and after a series of back and forth, they denied my return request because technically, the dress was the same size that was advertised. I explained that no, technically it wasn't. They would not even address the broken zipper, even after asking them point blank "why are you not addressing the broken zipper." In response, they actually told me in an email (so i have it in writing) that I can go ahead and try reselling the item. Enraged, I asked them if that is their typical policy, to knowingly encourage users to sell bad items so that they can continue to profit off of already high percentages of the sale. No response. I cannot even believe that a business can so transparently be this non-ethical. DO NOT USE Poshmark. There are far better clothes selling/trading sites.

I bought something of poshmark. The seller canceled my order because she "changed her mind" and relisted the item at TWICE the price! Better to shop on EBAY! Completely bogus site! Now I have to wait 3-5 days to get my money back to my card. If you do not want to sell the items then DONT!

The buyer claimed that I described the product wrong and not what she expected when she bought it. She even ask for 50 percent of the price. I really have no intention of misleading the buyer. She returned the item and used my bag plus damaged it. I reported to Poshmark but no reply. I dont think this website care and protect seller. Not worth my time to deal with this website. Please dont sell or try to buy anything from Poshmark.

It shouldn't surprise me that I'm writing a post about the continuation of racism in 2017. However, here I am. POSHMARK is the MOST RACIST site I have ever tried to buy and sell on.

Their lack of professionalism, inequality and disparity between what certain ethnicities are allowed to do on the site is insane.

Poshmark is NOT the site for you if you are a minority looking to make extra money. White individuals are allowed to harass you, run scams and sell whatever they like on the site (real or fake) despite rules stating that this is against the policy. I guess "white" is "right" huh?

Numerous white individuals have harassed me about products they are NOT going to purchase, I have been continuously reported for things I have NOT done wrong and a white individual was able to file a claim against an item I sent, and receive her money back. While, I am still without my item.

Living in a world where racism and white privilege is prevalent in everyday life. I would have thought there would be a slight relief from poshmark administration, WRONG..I refuse to be treated unfairly by poshmark.

I no longer will be using this site for any services, as they are not worthy of having my "Black Dollars"

They are the worst site. Beware beware. Seller shipped my package to the wrong place. He fault. Then ignored me. Lost $75. Then she wanted me to return a bra she accidentally shipped to me. Poshmark can't help that they have idiot sellers but they could communicate and return my $$$
They are no Amazon or eBay.
They don't care. They don't communicate. They ignore complaints. Do not shop this site.
Total scammers. They rip you off and poshmark does nothing about it. Save your hard earned $$$
