eBay has some nice clothes at some nice prices. Even though they don't always make a good bargain I still shop online from there. I'm actually pretty surprised about the variety of clothes and other items to buy from it. I have ordered many and never disappointed.

With Ebay, most of the goods sold are done in a timely manner.

For me Ebay is the best website one can buy goods because in most cases you find that people who were scammed did not follow up on the product and seller so as to meet each other's standard (the buyer and the seller).

I bought a product on ebay from a company near me and arranged to collect it and pay cash but its a dreadful area so I asked the seller to give me a phone number in case I got lost. Ebay would not allow this and I was not much bothered but now Ebay has restricted my account so I... read more

what about returning a mobile which is very low price than the original price..?and it was given 1 month warranty

I'm an experienced ebay buyer during 15 years.
In all that time, I've never had a bad experience with american sellers.
But since many asian sellers came here and I got something from them, I had some bad experiences.
Afterall it's an awesome site if you want to buy high quality american made products.

eBay gets 5/5 from me.

I ordered 4 seat cushion from Sjudd@aol.com. They were Pierre Deux fabric, and Shelley and I texted back and forth to get the dimensions just right. They turned out beautifully and were done in a timely manner.

Always the best deals on this site :) thank you ebay i just bought a new phillips tv and its much better than the chinese junk i usually get near black friday. I mean talk about the lines!!

I recently bought a game for my son from a ebay seller turns out the game was fake. Reached out to the seller, ebay and paypal to get my money back no luck with anyone of them finally my bank refunded me and going after the seller. I have been a ebay shopper for as long as I can remember but when I needed them to step in and help no luck.

I sold an BRAND NEW $400 item and plus paid the $30 something dollars shipping, turns out buyers can swap their old and used item and return it for full refund and they keep the BRAND NEW item while I get stuck with their old and used item plus lost over $430.00 dollars!!!

Been using EBay for a long time now, good deals on many many things. Great for selling stuff you don't need anymore and it simply reaches the most people who want your stuff. I am not going to get rich from it, but my stuff is sold with out having a flea market in my yard.

If you want an online company that completely vulnerable then EBAY is the place! It is 2017 and they still don't know what security. They DONT care about their users. Its a online giant that's falling, just like Bestbuy.

The first place I go to find what I need or want. Easy to use and for payment, they except PayPal which is the only company I use because they will try and help you with a trnaction.

This is my 3rd month selling, so I'm still a newbie.

It's very user friendly and easy to set up and ship.

I've had 2 situations that eBay decided in my favor:

The buyer claimed they never received an item. eBay asked for my tracking number, which I provided, and within 2 days they decided in my favor. They do not allow the buyer to leave negative feedback in a situation like this.

I sold an item and wasn't paid by the buyer. I did attempt to correspond several times with no answer. Again, EBay doesn't allow them to leave negative feedback even if the seller decided to.

From my experience, eBay has always been on the customer's side. Lately, though, I noticed these people would much rather take the dumb seller's side! Heed my warning when I say do not purchase from a useless imbecile of a seller named "TIPBEER"! I never received an item so I complained to both the seller and to customer service but they too did not help at all! I suggest you guys stick to purchasing items from U.S. sellers! These awful sellers from China are just careless, money hungry liars!

just had my account suspended for offering to sell outside ebay, Because i put a facebook link at the end of a message to a buyer where he was requesting measurements. No offer to trade outside ebay was asked for or made ... ebay rep acknowldged this, (the item is still for sale on my account) ... but i am told "ebay policies are binding" and i have to be punished for breaching the rules. Customer Service Rep seemed to be on a power trip.

I have use Ebay on and off for years, I am disappointed to say that Ebay has progressively gotten worse over time. Expect the worst when you buy on ebay.
I definitely recommend Mercari as an alternative. Mercari has better prices and a simpler, more refined experience.

I have been a seller on ebay since 1998 because this type of buying was putting my small doll and teddy bear out of business. i have always hated this because the seller is absolutely abused by ebay fees and customer support incompetance.
First be aware that ebay charges the seller fees on shipping fees that are charged to the buyer for shipping products. Yes that is unbelievable with shipping fees being so high at this time to individual small business.
Second ebay allows buyers that do not pay to leave feedback for sellers but if sellers leave negative feedback for the buyer then the seller account is restricted. .
Third ebay customer service is incompetant and they rarely have the answers without waiting on the line for great lengths of time to talk to a supervisor.
Fourth the fees are so excessive on ebay and they push you to sell cheaper and cheaper constantly so that at some point all you work for is to pay the fees and lose money all the time on products.
i still sell on ebay and really all i want to say is FU ebay I really do not give a crap anymore if i sell anything anymore I am 62 years old and have been abused by your system for so many years that all i hope and pray is that you fail and go bankrupt you an all your incompentant moronic employees. FU

They dont even deserve a 1 rating
I have a 18 year history( mostly selling but NO SNAGS)
I have my checking account and 2 credit cards linked to my account. I have never had a problem paying fees or purchases, yet they are holding my funds !!!!!! Yes, they got their fees and are collecting interest on my money !!! So so so very rude !!!!!

I ordered stuff with e-bay over 500.00 and paid by paypal and got wrong item,
I have put numerous resolution, nothing happend NO refund. Bad company
lost over 500.

Cook2105 will take advantage of you. I sent a contract saying that if they had the "blue" sweater they advertised in a grey version that I would be happy to pay for it. The lighting in the picture is made to where you cannot tell the sweater was blue at all, but they will accept the "contract" anyway no matter what you say.

Never try to sell anything on EBay!

Because of them, I've lost over $160 because of terrible policies, terrible customer service, and ridiculous fees. Have been a buyer for 10 years. I'm closing my account because of this.

Fun fact everyone, if you just SAY that a product is defective, the buyer cant decline it or do anything about it. Customer service will advise you incorrectly then their escalations team will tell you that because you're not a commercial seller, that you have no seller protection.

If you dont like your product, dont want it, or just because you feel like it, submit a refund request and say the item is defective. You'll rip off the seller and make out like a bandit. That's what happened to me. They're still charging me $18 dollars in fees too.

Good for buyers. Terrible for sellers. Fees, fees, and more fees. I will be closing my account shortly. Totally not worth it.

ebay used to be like going to a car boot/yard sale where the people selling were selling odd bits they do not need any more
but now there are shops advertising there good on ebay
now this has happened its like going to a discount store

BUONA E VELOCE LA SPEDIZIONE, NON HO AVUTO FINO ADESSO IMPREVISTI, HO RICEVUTO GLI OGGETTI IN TEMPO E BEN CONFEZIONATI

Ebay is out of date and needs to refresh the business.
I am still able to get certain thing from there that is lower in price than amazon.

The product was really bad quality not suitable for a baby the customer service was terrible was going to cost to much to return and it has to be unopened do not buy from this company first and last purchase from eBay

Does not want to put any effort on helping you recover your old account, hackers can change your secret questions easily. Does not bother to help you in anyway and just bans you for life and tell their sellers to part ways with them. AMAZING

I buy stuff from here all the time. Great site. Cheaper than Amazon.

Check aliexpress for a price comparison though because a lot of their sellers are from China.

I have been left out of pocket by Ebay. I sold items , paid for postage and packaging and ebay got there monthly fee from my account. Whereas I didnt get a single penny because I was a new seller and according to paypal my email was unconfirmed. I wated alot of time with both ebay and paypal to resolve my issue, but they sent me automatic email saying bull$#*! I alreafy have read on there websites (which were not helpful in my case). Ebay said they are helpless to do anything. I mean whose responsibilty is it to check and confirm an email address (which is perfectly function for all the other communications)?

Due to fraud , I am not going to purchase on line a much . I stick with amazon . Some businesses on eBay are also fraud . Unfortunately , purchasing from any business from China could be fraud . I had bad rxieteincecwith eBay and light in the box . The Chinese on line shopping should be banned from
USA or controlled heavily

We all know how bad ebay has let themselves get- and they only have themselves to blame, so here is the upside- you CAN take your business elsewhere. You DO only pay 2% commission on the sale of your items+NOT postage cost on 'ebid.net'. You can import ALL of your items with a couple of clicks and save years of time re-listing. You CAN import ALL of your posative feedback rating across from ebay also, the same feedback you have worked so hard to earn. It is an honest community and will be the next 'ebay'! Lets all migrate and be happy campers again-it's been a while....

The fact they keep your money for weeks when you sell something keeps me from selling there anymore . The buying is seemless and perfect .

On several occasions I have sellers back out of transactions. Ebay does nothing and doesn't care.Contacting them is worse than useless.

I buy from eBay often and often sell on there. Best sale and buy site for sure. Any products you need used or new they have ready to ship.

It is clearly pick and choose. I was selling an item on eBay and had my account suspended for it. Ive seen and also reported other sellers ( to see if they would do anything) not yet. Sadly I feel they pick and choose.

I have sold on EBAY since 2009 and they have changed so much about the selling and buying process. there is no longer any protection for buyer/sellers any longer it is simply a way for eBay to capitalize on selling fees etc. You can no longer list items and sell them with ease. I would suggest craigslist to anyone who would except this sort of buy/selling experience. Brace yourself for disaster.

I sold a phone on Ebay to Olyfrank Morales and after the buyer received it he cancelled the payment so Im out of the phone and the money. I called Ebay numerous times and nothing was done. I have removed all my listings, about 30. I was ripped off by a Buyer and Ebay representatives dont care and pretty much told me they cant help and Im going to loose my money if the buyer doesnt decide to pay me. I know my business doesnt matter, Im no one but it will be a cold day if I ever make any more business with Ebay, I have removed all my listings and sell somewhere else. If Ebay is going to allow a criminal to get away with my merchandise and my money than they dont need my business, I really hope that Ebay can help me resolve this issue, if not its not like Ebay is going to go bankrupt. Please help me or my entire family will not do business with Ebay again. Sellers should have a little more warranty than go file on the FBI website a form IC3 and good luck. Not happy at all!! Please dont sell on a website that protects criminals and there is no way to even take the buyer to court because no one will release enough information to sue them. DONT SELL ON EBAY!!!

The biggest problem here is that this site hasn't got a review section like others have. Sometimes it's difficult to understand how some product is made and the quality of it just by looking at the photos in the description box; and even when there are plenty of photos in it you're never sure if the seller just stole them from another shop. It's a little bit confusing if you plan on buying something that doesn't come from a well-known brand. Some products are cheap but the quality is good, some others are just terrible. I didn't have any particular bad experience with Ebay, you just have to be careful and read everything the seller writes and also try to buy things that were also bought from a lot of other customers.

They work with me every time I have a problem I have been do business with them for over 10 years and have lost no money they have covered or replaced with better merchandise.

I'm buying and also selling in Ebay, for more than 8 years now, and i believe that is almost the biggest electronic market around the world. There is always some exceptions with some of the sellers, that they don't follow the rules but they are so few, that you don't need to think about them.. I recommend it to every one of you.

I ordered a fitrist pulzz watch refurbished.
It mentioned it's 100% working.
And also eBay claim etc etc etc.
When I received item touch not working at all.
I tried to contact eBay and seller.
Seller said claim in eBay or service.
Ebay saying no claim possible only service which I need to do my self. So worst senario.

Many times I`ve been a buyer and a seller at Ebay and generally the site is very good for such needs. Just care to get some info about the seller you are getting an item from, there are still scams on the market, sadly ;(

The majority of sellers on eBay are just your neighbor, someone's mom or dad, grandparents, disabled people, just regular people selling items to keep the lights on and food on the table.
Think of how it is for you in your job when you make an error. Think about how you would like to be treated. Was the error so horrible that you deserve to have your pay docked. Was the error so bad that you deserve to be temporarily suspended. Or did you really screw up and deserve to be fired. It's no different for a seller. DSR can and do SIGNIFICANTLY impact a sellers ability to sell on Ebay. And the rules are so strict that even 2 buyers out of 100 transactions can bottom out a seller in the searches if they hit the DSRs while leaving FB. Think about that next time you feel like leaving negative feedback. And sellers think about that before you even join eBay as you'll spend your whole time being at the mercy of buyers and kissing their butts till you can't take the degradation anymore

They claim to have a "Money Back Guarantee" but thats a lot of BS!! I ordered two packages. Both accidentally went to the wrong address. Major user error on my end. But eBay doesn't care about that or their customers. I tried to get a refund for the package and got told no. I went to the neighbors place. They had one of the two that were delivered on the SAME DAY. So I file a claim. The seller couldn't do anything about it since the post office said it was delivered. So I make a half dozen calls and knock on some doors and no one has the package. I file a claim through eBay with zero luck. I kept getting told the same lame story over and over. So now I have to contact PayPal and see if they can do anything at all to help me out. Clearly eBay only cares about making money and not helping very very unhappy customers. They dont even bother to listen to what the real problem is. They dont care about customers at all. I should sue them for the whole 'Money Back Guarantee' bull$#*! scheme theyre playing at.

**** Sellers get scammed by eBay Read this!!!!****
If you sell anything on eBay the buyer can return it for any reason and they don't even need to return your original item they can return a box of rocks and eBay will force you to give them a refund. If you call eBay and ask them they will tell you this is true. I went all the way to the top of their support and that was the bottom line, "the customer can return anything they want even if it's not the original item and we will refund them. If they keep doing it over and over after a while we will stop them."

I purchased an item this not received it i opened a case and they took the sellers rout not cool for now on I'll go to Amazon.

I started visiting eBay when I wanted to replace my rented cable modem. By owning my own I would save $10.00/mo on my cable bill. I was going to buy the Arris gateway but it would have taken 2 years to break even. I noticed the exact cable modem I was renting was available for sale, but with one exception. They were all used. The one exception was a "Lot of 7" modems for around $500.00, so I decided to buy the seven, sell the six I didn't need on eBay and end up with my own for free.
The plan was going so well I decided to buy another lot of seven, and then another. It was easy to get started selling and as the extra modems sold on eBay, I was actually doing quite well financially. However, suddenly the modems I had sold started coming back to me. Evidently the ISP didn't like having their branded devices owned by their customers instead of being rented to them.
In the end I ended up refunding two-thirds of the sold modems, which was made easy with eBay and PayPal, and getting refunded myself for two of the three lots I had purchased, even though the seller was no longer an eBay member. eBay's return policy protected not only my buyers but me as well. Plus, I ended up with the Arris modem I had wanted in the first place from the profits on my non-returned devices. I also learned a lot and really appreciated the policies, assistance and help from eBay.

Be carfull - one of the worst robbing sites

Full of thiefs sellers , un authentic items - supported by the site customer service

I had an experience with fashion - all items are announced as original designer - but actually they are piece of trash with high prices - the admin of the site are only supporting their sellers - and let them steel your money .

WARNING Never buy clothes from EBAY gangs - never buy any thing from eBay they will only steal your money for left over garbage

A week ago i was looking for a certain kind of shampoo, I added an item to my watch list, but I didn't buy it, a few days later I received the same shampoo, I check my ebay shopping list and the purchase was not registered like it never took place but it did showed up in my statement, I inmediately got in touch with ebay custumer service and they were very rude, they accused me of buying the item by mistake and they said that that was none of their business, they said that I would have to contact the bank which is my next action but I think that at least I deserved some answers not unfounded accusations and a nasty treatment

For some reason they seem to put tracking numbers on parcels that aren't even tracked!! I'm a seller and buyer, only use eBay as a way of getting rid of household items.

They also claim arrival dates for items within 2 working days for Royal Mail 2nd class, when this is really is not true.

The new product reviews they have, clearly have a bug as my images in my description page go blank when you cilck on the 'read review's' link at the top.

They always, always, favour the buyer!!!

Tip for eBay appreciate your sellers more and you might attract some more trusted businesses and retailers that run to Amazon!!!

Another terrible part of the eBay seller experience is the fact they take buyers word for if an item was delivered late. Well if you're providing them with a 2 day delivery time for 2nd class which is actually 2-3 working days, then they're going to think it's late!!!!!

You cannot rate a seller on their delivery times based on what buyers constitute as being late. You should only rely on the actual tracked items. None of my items are tracked yet you seem to put on tracking codes from some random generator no doubt, that implies I've dispatched my parcels late, they're not tracked!!! How can you know??!????!?!?!!!! Yet its taken as gospel and lowers your seller rating as a result.

Seriously I've been a small business seller now for over a year now if anyone wants to know the real issues with selling as an eBay premium seller just comment below.

Rant over.

Wow, ebay is just terrible. Mostly cheap knock offs and terrible service. This wallet is not authentic, but they didn't seem to care. Why buy junk when you can buy real products elsewhere.

TOTAL SCAM FROM INDIA,JUNK STONES,AND COUNTERFIT HALLMARKED RINGS EAR RINGS NECKLACES BRACLETS.TOTAL FRAUD

Worst experience ever, never use ebay again. I will ask my friend not too.
Worst experience ever, never use ebay again. I will ask my friend not too.
Worst experience ever, never use ebay again. I will ask my friend not too.
Worst experience ever, never use ebay again. I will ask my friend not too.

I AM WRITTING IN CAPS BECAUSE I WANT EVEN A BLIND PERSON CAN SEE AND NEVER USE THIS SITE. I ORDERED A NOKIA PHONE FOR MY DAD AS HE CANT GO OUTSIDE. AND WHAT I FOUND IS THE PHONE IS NOT AT ALL WORKING.. WHEN I TRIED CALLING CUSTOMER SERVICE.. THEY SAID CONTACT SELLER BECAUSE ITS IN WARRANTY PERIOD OR VISIT NEAR BY REPARING CENTER... THEY DECLINED MY CALIM. WHY THE HELL A PERSON ORDER ONLINE COS WE DOESN'T WANT TO GO OUTSIDE.. AND NOW THIS FRAUD SITE DOESN'T REPLY... I REQUEST ALL OF YOU PRECIOUS CUSTOMER NEVEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEER EVERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR SHOP FROM THIS SITE. NO CUSTOMER SERVICE. NO GOOD PRODUCT..... I BEG DONOOOOTTTTTT EVER USE THIS FRAUD SITE.

This is my go-to site for clothes and products I see on TV, They have great deals and I am very happy with their service.

With 'customer service' this bad, I wonder why serious businesses even bother with the hassle of selling on eBay any more. I know I had to stop for the sake of my mental health.

The danger for consumers is that, because of eBay's vast reach and the millions of part-time, non VAT-registered sellers, many businesses are often selling at lower prices than on their own website, despite eBay's ever-increasing charges (remember when they were about 5% and no fees on postage?).

The consequence could be that in another decade or two, nearly all internet sales are handled through third party sites like eBay and Amazon. Businesses will basically no longer be independent, increasing amounts of merchandise will be banned as they are deemed politically incorrect (such as all Confederate flag items, as just one example).

They will be able to set prices by setting their fees and we will only have easy access to the books they think we ought to read and the music and films we should own and the food we should eat.

Join me in boycotting eBay, as a seller and as a buyer, otherwise we will be at the mercy of these kind of companies and in my experience, they don't do much inn the way of mercy.

when I say watch ebay, I mean read the product description well. there is a lot of difference in which seller on ebay, you deal with. some are real good, some are not so good. the really bad ones don't stay operating on ebay for very long. over all I have had good luck with ebay.

Worst company ever! They assist people in scamming other people out of their money. Anti service policies. Disgusting

I have had a terrible time dealing with eBays "seller fee" with items that have been bought by the numerous scammers that run rampant on this site. Not only was my item not sold but eBay charged me $60 and didn't even tell me why. The charge went right to my paypal account. During this time I went to Europe and did not have cell phone service or access to my mail. So... when I finally got my mail there was letters from a collection agency!!!! Guess what... my credit is RUINED because of scammers and eBays lack of attention to their customers. I will never ever buy or sell anything on eBay again. They have wasted my TIME, ENERGY, AND RUINED MY CREDIT.

They don't protect you at all as a seller. I prefer using Amazon . I sold a gown to someone on eBay . The person then requested a refund . I told them they need to return the gown but they didn't return it . EBay put the money on hold. So now I have no gown and no money . Everytime I contact them. They tell me nonsense

eBay can't protect you. They rather charge you a fees to list and sell your items rather than invest in better cyber security to thwart scams. See I recently listed an Apple Watch and received the emails from eBay and PayPal that my item sold and was paid. After calling both to confirm, I shipped only to find out two days later that it was a scam. The $315 I stood to make was not real and my watch was gone.

Rather than admit their wrong eBay repeatedly suggested I contact the USPS to stop shipments (2 days later of a Priority Package). Needless to say they didn't offer me anything for my misfortune. If this happens so much why haven't you found a
Mitigation for this?

They can't protect you if you haven't sold 25 or more packages. I can't do business w/ nor communicate w/ billion dollar company that can't protect my interest.

Effffff you ebay,

Former iWatch peroson

I had purchases a 310*90mm DIY Multi-Function Milling Machine, THIS IS TYPICAL CHEAP CHINESE CRAP. It is to small for my shop and what I try to do. The company lists everything in Millimeters so it seems larger than it is. However, It will not hold a piece of steel without it vibrating loose AND DESTROYING THE WORK I HAD ALREADY DONE. I had to start over again, with the same results. I finally had to buy another jig. I purchased this through EBay by the company bezzprice. I kept up with emails with them thinking this was going to be resolved. However, I found out this was just to give me a bunch of hassles that it went beyond the return date so I could not get my money back. Now EBay is not allowing me to even provide a review on this company that sold it to me.

I've been an ebayer for years and admit it's my favorite place to shop for Jewelry, perfume, household goods, etc. However, recently I discovered I love it even more! I hadn't realized I could purchase college books too! This site has it all and not just used but, new things too. Thank goodness for EBAY!

I love shopping on eBay because it's usually the cheapest place on the internet to buy whatever I want or need. I've bought over 100 items on eBay, and for the most part, I'm very glad I did because I'm sure I've saved 100's of dollars by doing so. Their selection is huge, and once you understand how everything works in their system, it should be an enjoyable shopping experience for you. I usually just pay the "buy it now" price for my item(s), but I've also won several auctions as the highest bidder on unique items, and also paid less by 'making an offer' to the seller when it's an option for the item (and the seller accepts my offer). I can't comment on selling anything on eBay, because I never have. Finally, I'm mostly satisfied with eBay's customer service/resolution department for any issues I've had. My only real complaint is that there are some seller's I've bought from on eBay that ended up being fictitious accounts (I never received the item I purchased). But because of eBay's guarantee, I was issued a full refund for my purchase price and shipping once the resolution department researched the issue and decided in my favor.

I order a lot and have gotten 95% of good products. If a product does not show up and seller does not work with you by refunding then eBay will step in after a waiting period and refund your money.

eBay is only a platform for other people to sell what ever they want online, so its hard to review it, even though - eBay helped with any issue I had in a matter of a few days, and they are also managing PayPal which is giving me even more confident.

There are a lot of things I can not find on eBay but nothing they can do about it..

Thanks for everything.

I bought an item on ebay and it was damaged in the mail so returned the item. E-Bay wont give me a refund on the money even though I have documentation that the seller received the item back. Its a Scam when the seller only has to say they didn't get it and ebay does nothing even if I have documentation

this is a real shopping mall. thanks to ebay, i have the most fantastic set of motorcycles, they have helped me in locating genuine dealers for spare parts.. i love it

I buy on eBay, everything came, returned money and problems weren't. Very large number of goods. Always there are alternative sellers and their prices.

i bought a teekking bag from this $#*!ing site...but returned the product as it was torned...but didnt get the refund so far...more than 3 months am waiting..very poor customer relation....every time they come up with rediculous reasons...even not call us or give us a response...$#*! OFF....they are doing fraud business...

Ebay continue to be the best place for me to bid and buy stuff online. I have met many great buyer and sellers

Yes! A five star rating for Buttcoleahter. TOP service and quick delivery to the Netherlands. Thanks a lot.

Bought a bridle that was described as over sized/warmblood, when I got it....it's clearly labeled FULL size therefore not fitting my horse. Seller would not accept return and eBay did nothing for me and would not give me a refund. Poor customer service, I thought I was protected as a buyer....apparently not.....if you don't care about loosing your money (i spent $300) then go for it. Any other online store would accept a return for this. In this case they protected the seller.....no buyer rights....Deplorable. Last time I buy on eBay......better off with Amazon....

IGNORES THE SELLERS NEEDS. BUYERS COME FIRST IN THEIR BOOK. I DON'T KNOW Y I KEEP SELLING ON HERE BUT I DO CUZ I NEED THE MONEY.
I HAVE NEGATIVE FEEDBACK AGAIN(2nd time) AND I CALLED THEM AND EXPLAINED BUT I GUESS NO ONE THERE DGARA!!!

I have worst ebay experience buying new mi 4a mobile and i received repaired phone mi service center justified he saying this phone allreday repaired other side . Worst support or rather I will say no support at all. Rude Support guys. Easy for any vendor to cheat on ebay. my claim register on 4th august but today 8sep. i dont received refund .

Ebay is the $#*!tier version of Amazon. The homepage looks like a grandpa designed it. It is possibly the most bland online shopping/purchasing website out there. You guys suck!!!! get with the 21st century and update ur poop website. Gosh you're gonna be extinct within 5 years. None of my friends shop on your website. all your consumers are 60+ when their retirement money runs out, so will all your profits!!!!!!!

I have worst ebay experience. Worst support or rather I will say no support at all. Rude Support guys. Easy for any vendor to cheat on ebay

I have been a TOP SELLER in both the United States and the UK.
Because of scamming buyers and the fact tracking wasn't available, some demanded full refund for non receipt. I offered to re-send product, but instead of responding, they just escalated to eBay.

And for this, 6 of these cases out of 670, eBay punished me by making my Global Seller Rating: Below Average. Just one case was actually in the global region, the rest were in the US/UK/Germany.

I thought it won't matter since I was still a TOP SELLER in the US & UK. WROOOONG

I started selling on eBay again, subscribed to an eBay store subscription and to my HORROR I saw no one was even finding my listings!!! I couldn't find them in search either!!!

eBay support repeteadly said BOGUS reasons, that it's because I'm searching my own listings, because people from other regions see other results, but that's NOT IT! Before I could find them!

TURNS OUT just because my global seller status dropped below average, not only no one from worldwide can see my listings in search results, BUT NO ONE FROM THE REGIONS I STILL HAVE TOP SELLER STATUS CAN FIND MY LISTINGS EITHER !!!!

EBAY INTENTIONALLY SABOTAGED AND CENSORED MY LISTINGS WITHOUT EVEN INFORMING ME BEFORE NOT ONLY PAYING $$$$ FOR MANY EBAY LISTING FEATURES TO BE SHOWN EVERYWHERE, BUT NOT EVEN INFORMING ME NO ONE WILL BE ABLE TO FIND MY LISTINGS BEFORE SUBSCRIBING TO THEIR STORE SUBSCRIPTION !!!!!

I tried everything, contacted them over x20 times ... NOTHING!!!! It's like they intentionally want to sabotage us!

I tried to cancel the eBay store subscription and to my HORROR it wanted to charge me $94 for early termination fee !!!! FOR WHAT ?!?!?! THEY ALREADY CHARGED US $20 FOR A STORE THAT IS CENSORED AND HIDDEN AND BASICALLY FOR A SERVICE NOT PROVIDED !!!!!!!!

I contacted Support to cancel the early termination fee, and support said to cancel my subscription and have my account charged $94 and to contacted them again for a refund.
When I contacted them for a refund, they said I'd have to wait until next month when the invoice arrives, to "try and request a crediting of my account and hope it gets approved" .... TO TRY AND REQUEST ?!?!? As if it's at their discretion to commit fraud and theft for services not provided ?!?!?!?!?
I contacted them next month, they didn't reply, had to pester them and eventually told me they're sorry they can't refund me anything because my account has been credited last month, when in fact ebay support specifically said they won't credit me anything for my listing fees for listings which were censored intentionally without informing me before hand !!
And after that they dared to say "we value your business and as an eBay seller" and wishing me good health ---- simply outrageous and insulting !!
So what happened: Even though support said they won't credit me anything for the listing fees, seems someone intentionally credited my account without informing me a measly $0.61 (61 cents) just so they'd have an excuse not to refund the illegally and fraudulently charge of $94 for an early termination fee of an eBay store that was CENSORED and useless TO BEGIN WITH !!!

eBay fraudulently charged me $114 for services which they intentionally DID NOT PROVIDE !!!

eBay sabotaged my business and nearly bankrupted me if it wasn't for Amazon ... killing my future and future businesses I would go and create.

eBay lied, stole and abused at every turn

eBay shouldn't have restricted my ability to sell in the US & UK regions since I still had and have top seller status there, or at least they should have informed me before hand !!!! BEFORE comitting to spend money!!!

I went to BBB to no avail, they're useless and eBay just gave me copy-paste templates. More so, I suspect going to BBB is what triggered them to intentionally sabotage me further by crediting my account with $0.61 just so they'd have an excuse not to refund the illegal charges.
They then proceeded to threats that if I don't pay they'll send collection agencies ...

They limited my account and put it on hold.

I paid their fraudulent $117 charge (they put penalties on it) and asked for my account to be reinstated. I asked when will my global seller rating be reset.

NO RESPONSE WHAT-SO-EVER. THEY STOLE MY MONEY AND BURIED ME TO THE GROUND!

I swear, because of this, I'll make it one of my life's purpose to see this thieving and fraudulent company burned into the ground, along with everyone that was complicit to this sabotage, from support members to key people that put such illegal policies into place brought to justice.

And I urge everyone to do the same, everyone who's ever been wronged by eBay, to stand up and bring it to justice! To expose eBay for the thieving, fraudulent, mafia-like monster that it is!

And now my hand twitches uncontrollably due to the levels of stress, outrage and anger these scms have subjected me to.

Sold a working watch band was broke clearly stated it in my listing buyer opens a return says watch don't work wants refund stated in my listing no refunds long story short eBay sided with buyer got refund and kept my 300 dollar Movado watch eBay could care less bout there sellers

They use to be a great place to buy from online, however now eBay got to many scammers on their website. It is hard to find witch sellers are trustworthy and witch ones isn't.

Ebay is great when everything goes completely perfect but in the world of reality that doesn't always happen. We had a buyer who wanted to return an item even though it was a no return item which was discounted down about 60%. The item was above the listed quality and the buyers allegations were above ridiculous. Ebay went in their favor and had me refund them and I ended up losing almost $100 in shipping and marked down cost. Ebay was impossible to work with because after the deal they kept saying the money was not refunded even after I had been. So even after contacting them numerous times and them saying that it was fixed it wasn't. So I am unable to close my account because it says I owe them money. So now they suspended my account which all I want them to do is cancel my account so I can be done with this shady operation. They are so incompetent!

The restrict your accountant waste your time on this site. I just started selling in this site and this company has made it a nightmare with no explanations.

I was overjoyed when i was able to use my device that was blacklisted by at&t as a result of inpaid bills. A seller by name: siralexlpunlocks did the magic for me. Am so happy to broadcast this good news. I promised to help him broadcast this fantastic service.Below is the link to the sellers listing:

Purchased item from vendor. eBay let them play email games till it was to late to get money back even thought they had 6 bad reviews for product from same vendor. Even started taking down bad reviews for vendor
