Bruger meget ebay til at bestille ting og sager man ikke vidste man kunne undvære. Er dog blevet snydt en del gange derinde, så derfor tjek altid sælgeren om hans vurderinger og hvor langtid medlemmet har eksisteret som bruger. De har heldigvis en Ebay money back garanti, så pengene fås altid igen.

Der kan købes alt, og den funktion bruger jeg ofte.

Excellent!!!

selling limits - restricted to only business owners mehhhh

likes to cancel auctions with out any valid reasons

poor customer service - no emails, no contacts

full of over priced opportunists e.g.. LV x supreme.....

--------------------------------------------------------------

managed to submit necessary documents to increase the selling limit....

i've to admit eBay is still one of the most visited auction sites

Dream company to work for IT employee. I feel safe, secured and respected as ebay employee. It was ultimate experience.

I use it every day (buyer), if you pay with paypal you'll be ok just be aware from which seller you buy.

get-your-iptv-and-android-boxs-from-ebay-

Suspendieron mi cuenta de Ebay.com , que tenia desde hace 6 anios, trate de comunicarme y no les interesa ayudar a un cliente que no habla ingles.
Realmente una combinacion de groseria , desinteres y mala atencion.

Ebay behandler deres kunder som L... Sender en besked som en kunde har modtaget fra svinder forsendelses firmaet Pitney Bows i en mail til en sælger fordi jeg vil have han sender med nogle andre. Så blokere Ebay min mulighed for at skrive til sælgeren i en uge fordi de mener jeg vil købe uden om Ebay hvilket er nonsens og så varen naturligvis solgt til en anden. Ebay er simpelhen et mega skod firma!

Hvis du overvejer at købe hos Ebay.com vil jeg anbefale at søge på youtube for videoer omkring forsendelses svindler firmaet Pitney Bows Global shipping program.

Very very bad for sellers

I use eBay everyday, because they are the cheapest when things go wrong, you're on your own

Not bad for purchases, but a rip-off if you are selling :(

EBAY: CHANGE "MINIMUM PRICES" TO "MAXIMUM PRICES" IN SEARCH RESULTS

Too many sellers are advertising their products with one price, however, when you click on the ad, the advertised price refers to another product, which has nothing to do with the actual product in the advertisement.

Example:
A shoe advertisement with one price suddenly has a higher price, because one of the items listed under size/version is not a pair of shoes, but of pair of socks.
And this goes on and on in thousands of advertisements on ebay.

Please weed out all these advertisements with false prices and/or make it easy for buyers to alert ebay admins on each page about this problem.

Solution: include the maximum price in search results instead of the current minimum price.

I love eBay. recently I bought some archery arrows (12pcs Turkey Feather Handmade Bamboo Shaft Arrows) that were made very well and they are so strong and light that they are perfect for me. The service given whilst buying them was also good and helped me to find what I was looking for. shipping was quick and efficient.

Jeg har handlet en del på Ebay men ALDRIG mere. Ebay er fuldstændig ligeglade med etik og moral og har opstillet en organisation der kun beskytter deres sælgere og som ikke, i deres sagsbehandling, læser eller tager hensyn til fakta. Har beviser på, at jeg i min sidste tvist med sælger er blevet svindlet. Og Ebay griber ikke ind. Jeg vil opfordre ALLE til skyndsomt at lukke deres konto på Ebay og selv det tager 60 dage.

Oh my I use the eBay.com app all the Tim

Useless customer support. They make it as difficult as possible to sell when you make a slight mistake. No help in sorting my issue just keep repeating same thing over and over.

I usually buy on Ebay, and I must say that this site has allowed me to find many things I couldn't get anywhere else. Buyer protection is, let's say average, since it has always been Paypal what has protected me from scammers and bad deals. Yet, if you want to sell something, things are much different. Only if you are a professional you can get a margin, If not, just by posting your ad you are loosing money, and if you include pictures too. The worst of all, is that you have to be able to sell the item or you'll have to pay for the advert again. If you are not a professional, it's much better to sell in collectors' sites.

Never try to sell anything on EBay!

Because of them, I've lost over $160 because of terrible policies, terrible customer service, and ridiculous fees. Have been a buyer for 10 years. I'm closing my account because of this.

Fun fact everyone, if you just SAY that a product is defective, the buyer cant decline it or do anything about it. Customer service will advise you incorrectly then their escalations team will tell you that because you're not a commercial seller, that you have no seller protection.

If you dont like your product, dont want it, or just because you feel like it, submit a refund request and say the item is defective. You'll rip off the seller and make out like a bandit. That's what happened to me

Excellent Service

Great Company!

VARNING FÖR ATT KÖPA PÅ EBAY.Köpte vara på eBay med all deras garanti. Varorna kom inte och dom hjälper inte till

It's good but it should be better!

My experience with Ebay was wonderful .They refunded my money when I did not receive my purchase even when the seller did not respond and was no help .This is the way all companies should treat their customers.

Not so much happy with my eBay experience. But overall, good enough avenue for finding things I need online.

When everything goes fine it's all great but I had quite a few bad experiences with some sellers which resulted with even worst experiences with eBay's support to back me up.
I never was a seller so I can only speak about my purchasing experience.
They sell a bit of everything from everyone and over the years I learned who to buy from and who to stay away. I still make the occasional mistake but that's a risk I know I'm taking.
Overall, it's a great marketplace especially for old stuff - for example, purchasing a VCR just because I tossed mine away years ago and needed to see some video tapes I had in the attic. For new products I still prefer to purchase them on stores or online on amazon. Trusting strangers to sell me things I can get with a higher degree of trust somewhere else isn't worth the risk.
The 2 starts is because their support isn't that friendly and they made me almost every time go through loops to try to make me step down and quit the complaint.
It serves its purpose in an excellent way... until something goes wrong.

Was able to receive my phone case after 2 weeks. I'm glad our local mailman did not lost it. Thank you :)

I used the website for years. It's a shame that ebay sends a label and even following all the procedures suggested online "they" cannot trace it. Good website to buy until you have a problem. On that day you are on your own. If contacting the buyer it's impossible, ebay will do nothing to help.

Modtager pludselig en mail, hvor en sælger på Ebay skriver tak for købet og prisen ( ca. 215) vil blive hævet via PayPal.

Skriver til sælger og Ebay, at det må være en fejl, har ikke bestilt noget, er på ferie og har slet ikke været i nærheden af noget Internet på det tidspunkt.
Skriver til Paypal, at de ikke skal betale varen og at jeg for øvrigt ikke kan komme ind på min konto. Får et svar tilbage om at jeg kan logge ind på min konto og læse svaret. HVOR TÅBELIGT.

Varen bliver betalt og da jeg kommer hjem, ringer jeg til Paypal Danmark, som siger, det ikke er deres transaktion.
Siger, lettere irriteret, at der altså står deres navn ud for de hævede penge og får så at vide, at en sælger, bare kan oprette en midlertidig konto hos dem og så kan pengene hæves gennem dem.
Er målløs og vred, det ligger da lige til højre benet på en svindler, hvor svært kan det så være for dem.
Ved at Paypal ikke har givet nogen mine visa kort oplysninger, fordi de ikke har dem, så det kan kun være Ebay, hvor jeg sagde ja, da de ville gemme mine kort oplysninger, stolede på, de ikke ville misbruge dem, men er så blevet det klogere.

De skrev at nogen måtte have brugt mine oplysninger, men NEJ – havde lige skiftet kodeord til Ebay og hvis nogen havde stjålet mine Visa kort oplysninger, ville de da have bestilt en masse – ikke kun et PC spil.
Og først lige skiftet Visa kort her 2 måneder efter.

Skrev også til Ebay kunde service og fik en mail med et tlf. nummer og tænkte, det nok var et gratis nummer, men nej, det kostede mig lige 85 kr. og alt jeg fik ud af det var, at de sagde, de ville oprette en sag, har siden mødt folk, der smiler, de siger den ryger lige i papirkurven lige efter, har de nok ret i, har endnu intet hørt efter 2 måneder.
Mangler også stadig nogle varer, bestilt for 3 måneder siden.

Så min tillid til Ebay ligger på et lille sted.

Hilsen Per

Never had a problem with eBay. Whenever an item hasn't went to plan they are quick enough to resolve the situation. Wish other companies were as good as them.

I really don't know what to think about ebay because i had both ugly and great experiences. You have to be really careful when buying items. Make sure you do a good research before you buy anything

Someone hacked my eBay account and despite the fact that they were in a hurry to make wild purchases and didn't speak English like I do (the person who actually owned the account) and described themselves as a man trying to buy eBay reviews for their wife (I am a woman!) eBay allowed all the transactions to go through. I even messaged the seller to stop! I closed the damn account. EBay clearly has ZERO security measures. Then the company said they were launching an investigation, this happened a few months ago and to THIS DAY nothing was actually being done. EBay just wanted their cut of the purchases and did absolutely nothing about everything, had I not specifically told them to close my account I'd be a victim of burglary to this day. Awful. I wouldn't recommend ANYONE join this cite. They have no security, and don't give a crap about the customers who get screwed over daily. If anyone you care about is on that website I'd recommend you tell them to shut down their account.

its okay lots of cheap sutff but some overprice

Ebay provides very good services.

Too many restrictive nanny tools and too many hidden fees. Really not worth it to list items on Ebay. You end up getting charged as much as at a physical auction house. Goodbye Ebay. Never again.

Очень хороший интернет магазин. Все есть, удобно!

wonderful
i've been a user for almots 18 years with more than 1500 purchases from all over the world !
stunning
problem free
long life to EBAY

Good solution, but reviews need more enhancements

I have had the chance to purchase several items off of eBay. Most of the times, the service has been satisfactory. What I've never been able to understand is why the bidding process often automatically outbids the highest bidder. It is obvious it is an auto occurrence, but is it all about not meeting the minimum asking price? Surely there should be a better way of handling that, no?

Always cheap products from all over the world!

Lost 67,49 €. Buyer protection is non-existent. Never again (obviously).

Sale fils de puta vous ne faites que mentir sur cos commandes. Achat depuis plus de deux semaines je n’ai pas encore cela. Et la date d’expira Est expirée depuis la première semaine, et je n’ai toujours pas été remboursé. Sale fils de puta. Mauvais site 🖕🏿🖕🏿🖕🏿🖕🏿

ebay provides best mobile covers. Happy with it.

I buy stuff on eBay and all deliver except one. But time, while you wait for delivery, is so large

Never buy your stuff from here! You wont recieve it!!
Wasted about 650 DKK, which is around 110 Dollars!
Amazon never failed me though!

Great for buying collectibles.

Excellent website.

I am using eBay very frequently and I have never had any problems with eBay themself, just some sellers. I have heard that if there is any problems they will give you a refund nearly right away.

Good online webshopping site!


I really like with using Ebay, salesmen are very neighbourly and responsive

Originally I trusted eBay to sell an iPhone I had because I figured they were a huge reliable and professional service but I was wrong. I sold my item for $400 and paid eBay their fee that they immediately requested even though I still hadn't gotten paid my money. I checked my PayPal account and it showed the payment was pending. I also thought PayPal was a reliable service to check that the funds were coming from a legitimate bank account so I sent the phone to the buyer. I did everything I was required to do. In the end, after the phone was delivered to this buyer, PayPal cancelled the payment due to me and eBay told me there was nothing they could do either. I basically got scammed by both of these so-called professional services.

Buying here for years and never had any problems. If not to mention the delivery time which sometimes can take a few weeks it’s a perfect shopping site.


I HAVE BEEN BUYING FROM EBAY FOR YEARS AND SAVING LOTS OF MONEY. ALOT OF STUFF I HAVE BOUGHT IS HARD TO FIND OR EVEN RARE. ONLY HAD 1 DELIVERY PROBLEM= I ORDERED A DVD FROM A NEW ZEALAND MERCHANT AND ... IT NEVER ARRIVED! AFTER A COUPLE OF CALLS AND COMPLAINT EMAILS, CUSTOMER SERVICE ISSUED A REFUND.

Use with caution. Ebay is a great way to get items cheap, but you can also get scammed as well. Because they use PayPal as their middle man for payment, and PayPal is a terrible service, Ebay will make it difficult to get your refund back if the item in question is not what you ordered/described. Also, this works both ways as a seller and buyer. Use at your own risk!

Over the last 6 months or so I have received quite suddenly notice that my Password is not recognised. Over literally dozens of times this is not corrected on line. Eventually I speak to a girl I can barely understand ,she eventually gets me back on line. Nest time I might log in/might not.
Currently I can do nothing. I get a string of verification codes. no comment just another code. I have sent them my phone number but I hear nothing from the faceless,gutless bast. They are losing business I have items listed for sale. I am buggered. I just want an English speaking accent free man to talk with me and if necessary allow me to start from scratch using the same E Mail. I AM NOT changing that again

Just avoid if you wanna sell digital goods.

For selling items that can be tracked, ill put this score 2/5.

always great

Nice and awesome products

Terrible. I buy and sell rare coins. About 10% of their sellers peddle fake coins. Ebay doesn't care or protect. I spend half my life on the phone with ebay and their incompetent partners paypal and USPS. It's a daily mess. Their fees are a joke. They sent all their jobs overseas. You will endure transfer after transfer from one incompetent rep to another and they do not protect the buyers. I get about 1 fake per week and they insist I send the coin back to the con artist selling them so he can do it again. It's a nightmare. The federal trade commission should shut them down as well as the ttc. This company is a first class scam. They are ripping off people daily. They also read your emails, private messages, etc. I will be calling the federal trade commission and I think everyone should. It's time to shut them down.

Been using ebay for years and has been Really good. But apparently all good things must come to an end. After recieving and item that is not as described and useless too Me. And seller wont work with Me. I contact ebay support. Several times i get asked to send documentation. Several times i do so. In the end i make screenshots of all allready being uploaded to ebay and visible in the case history.
Just to get the answer that case has been closed and all just to bad for me. Been using ebay because it Was suppose to be safe But Big mistake and cost me more than 2000 DKK plus additionally 3000 DKK too the garage for fitting the correct item that Also needed too pay additionally. I complain and show all proof again. But like an automated machine just keep Getting the same answer. No materiale recieved.

I Also use wish ALOT and one Got a camera that i could not make work. I ask i am doing something wrong. They quickly reply my money is being returned. I answer that i dont Think anything is wrong and politely ask Them to stop the refund and give it some time. Meanwhile i Was told my micro sd card Was too Big. I Then write this to wish. They just write Me that They hope it is only problem and refund money anyway. Dont Wanna get cheated But for sure never cheat anyone!

Oplevelsen var lige så god som underholdning for vi verdens hårdeste bananer/verdens rigtigste mænd som f.eks. ANAL CUNT MORBID FLORIST på YOUTUBE.....syng med!

I've been a customer of ebay for years and find it to mostly be a simple inexpensive process but in the last year I have had a few experiences that have been unpleasant. The 1st incident involved a difficult seller sending a defective item and after 2 weeks of seemingly smooth communication where we came to an agreement, the seller asked for a positive review before returning my money and never returned my money. The next 2 were both issues with The ebay app and customer service. The 2nd incident was when my ebay account was hacked according to what I saw on the app. Customer service was contacted and notified that there were multiple changes unknowingly made on my account such as the shipping address and phone number were different from mine. There were also multiple searches that were very different from anything I would've or had searched. However, ebay customer service was oblivious to what was happening saying they couldn't see any of these attempts on someones part to hack my account. It took 3 days if my persistence with customer service to get complete resolution. The last incident occurred when the app was glitching. Specifically, my cart of 2 inexpensive items were cleared out when it was time for me to check out. So I had to re enter the items 2 times because it happened twice. When I checked out I was sure to check that I was only purchasing the 2 items I wanted and not multiples. Once I completed the purchase I received a confirmation email confirming that I purchased the 2 items. 2 days later I checked my bank account and learned that I was double charged. I contacted ebay customer service to explain the issue in hopes of their resolution. They were once again unaware of what I was saying saying they see I purchased 4 item(2 of each). I assured them that it must've been a mistake because I received a confirmation email from then saying I only purchased 2 items. I spoke with a representative and a supervisor who both wanted me to contact the 2 sellers and explain it to them what happened since the items were being shipped. I have been with ebay long enough to know that this is their way of making this my fault. So, I asked if they (ebay) could just stop the 2nd set of items from being shipped and charged since it was a system issue. I also let then know realistically it can take weeks to get resolution through sellers and sometimes sellers can be difficult to communicate with and who would pay for the shipping. Furthermore, my attempts to resolve this issue was to contact ebay directly because it was NOT my fault nor the sellers. Ebay said they couldnt help with the issue and I would have to pay for the shipping. Really?!? I didn't order double items and never expected to be double charged so why would I be responsible for paying for the return shipping. The supervisor again said it would be my responsibility to contact the seller and explain the issue to them and return them. Before 2017, my experience with ebay was fine but after these series of events especially the last one, I will discontinue my business with ebay and shop elsewhere where I am appreciated and treated with respect. Not blamed and made to be responsible for things I didn't do or spend hours of time attempting to resolve miniscule problems.

I have been a TOP SELLER in both the United States and the UK.
Because of scamming buyers and the fact tracking wasn't available, some demanded full refund for non receipt. I offered to re-send product, but instead of responding, they just escalated to eBay.

And for this, 6 of these cases out of 670, eBay punished me by making my Global Seller Rating: Below Average. Just one case was actually in the global region, the rest were in the US/UK/Germany.

I thought it won't matter since I was still a TOP SELLER in the US & UK. WROOOONG

I started selling on eBay again, subscribed to an eBay store subscription and to my HORROR I saw no one was even finding my listings!!! I couldn't find them in search either!!!

eBay support repeteadly said BOGUS reasons, that it's because I'm searching my own listings, because people from other regions see other results, but that's NOT IT! Before I could find them!

TURNS OUT just because my global seller status dropped below average, not only no one from worldwide can see my listings in search results, BUT NO ONE FROM THE REGIONS I STILL HAVE TOP SELLER STATUS CAN FIND MY LISTINGS EITHER !!!!

EBAY INTENTIONALLY SABOTAGED AND CENSORED MY LISTINGS WITHOUT EVEN INFORMING ME BEFORE NOT ONLY PAYING $$$$ FOR MANY EBAY LISTING FEATURES TO BE SHOWN EVERYWHERE, BUT NOT EVEN INFORMING ME NO ONE WILL BE ABLE TO FIND MY LISTINGS BEFORE SUBSCRIBING TO THEIR STORE SUBSCRIPTION !!!!!

I tried everything, contacted them over x20 times ... NOTHING!!!! It's like they intentionally want to sabotage us!

I tried to cancel the eBay store subscription and to my HORROR it wanted to charge me $94 for early termination fee !!!! FOR WHAT ?!?!?! THEY ALREADY CHARGED US $20 FOR A STORE THAT IS CENSORED AND HIDDEN AND BASICALLY FOR A SERVICE NOT PROVIDED !!!!!!!!

•	I contacted Support to cancel the early termination fee, and support said to cancel my subscription and have my account charged $94 and to contacted them again for a refund.
•	When I contacted them for a refund, they said I'd have to wait until next month when the invoice arrives, to "try and request a crediting of my account and hope it gets approved" .... TO TRY AND REQUEST ?!?!? As if it's at their discretion to commit fraud and theft for services not provided ?!?!?!?!?
•	I contacted them next month, they didn't reply, had to pester them and eventually told me they're sorry they can't refund me anything because my account has been credited last month, when in fact ebay support specifically said they won't credit me anything for my listing fees for listings which were censored intentionally without informing me before hand !!
And after that they dared to say "we value your business and as an eBay seller" and wishing me good health ---- simply outrageous and insulting !!
So what happened: Even though support said they won't credit me anything for the listing fees, seems someone intentionally credited my account without informing me a measly $0.61 (61 cents) just so they'd have an excuse not to refund the illegally and fraudulently charge of $94 for an early termination fee of an eBay store that was CENSORED and useless TO BEGIN WITH !!!

eBay fraudulently charged me $114 for services which they intentionally DID NOT PROVIDE !!!

eBay sabotaged my business and nearly bankrupted me if it wasn't for Amazon ... killing my future and future businesses I would go and create.

eBay lied, stole and abused at every turn

eBay shouldn't have restricted my ability to sell in the US & UK regions since I still had and have top seller status there, or at least they should have informed me before hand !!!! BEFORE comitting to spend money!!!

•	I went to BBB to no avail, they're useless and eBay just gave me copy-paste templates. More so, I suspect going to BBB is what triggered them to intentionally sabotage me further by crediting my account with $0.61 just so they'd have an excuse not to refund the illegal charges.
•	They then proceeded to threats that if I don't pay they'll send collection agencies ...

•	They limited my account and put it on hold.

•	I paid their fraudulent $117 charge (they put penalties on it) and asked for my account to be reinstated. I asked when will my global seller rating be reset.

•	NO RESPONSE WHAT-SO-EVER. THEY STOLE MY MONEY AND BURIED ME TO THE GROUND!

I swear, because of this, I'll make it one of my life's purpose to see this thieving and fraudulent company burned into the ground, along with everyone that was complicit to this sabotage, from support members to key people that put such illegal policies into place brought to justice.

And I urge everyone to do the same, everyone who's ever been wronged by eBay, to stand up and bring it to justice! To expose eBay for the thieving, fraudulent, mafia-like monster that it is!

And now my hand twitches uncontrollably due to the levels of stress, outrage and anger these scms have subjected me to.

Ebay is a good website to get cheap used items however lately the auction process makes products to end up becoming more expensive than what is obtainable from craiglist and other peer to peer sellings sites

I'll been purchasing on Ebay for the last 5 years but recently I noticed the product I received is a knock-off to bad.....

Cheap prices and good quality . You should buy from top rated sellers.

Never had problems with eBay.

Be very careful! I have been both satisfied and disappointed with ebay! I would say 50:50! Online shopping is a very risky business.

The number of times I've been cheated on this site - fake products purporting to be genuine, buyers who never send money. Sellers who never send products. Arrogant customer service operatives in Philippines who talk over you. I don't touch ebay anymore - I'd rather pay more elsewhere and get what I ask for

I like the way they have not changed much on the website since when it came out and it is easier to use then craigs list.
