eBay has lost my business for good. I left years ago due to the problem with scammers and the fact that eBay protects the buyer and the sellers are always left holding the bill. I recently took 3 attempts to sell a PC on eBay, was scammed on the first two auctions and on the 3rd the buyer refused to pay. I was forced to go through their process of reporting the buyer for nonpayment and by their own policy, if after 4 days the buyer does not pay, the transaction should be closed an the buyer will get a "negative" remark on their status. I called on the 4th day after the time passed, explained that I sold the PC via another outlet and that I wanted the transaction cancelled and closed immediately. eBay rep agreed and asked me to manually close it to which I attempted 3 times to do so on the phone with the rep and was unsuccessful to which the rep told me that she would close the transaction and assured me no fees would be charged to me. Of course, she never closed the transaction and I got the money removed from my bank account unexpectedly and they are now telling me it will take 11 days to get my money back! meanwhile, they will earn interest on the money. eBay is a scam, nothing will be done as I checked the buyers rating and no negative statements were added and they won't even allow me to provide negative feedback on top of inappropriately taking my money! Stay away from eBay folks, especially if you want to sell. The screw the seller at every turn and protect the buyer at every opportunity.

I re-opened my Ebay account to purchase cleats for my son (no problems with that). Ten days later my Ebay account was hacked and they bought a $4199 camera - they tried to buy 2 cameras but my credit card didn't have $8400 available balance. I received 100s of spam emails that made me investigate what was going on and found the spam all started with an Ebay email and that's when I discovered the fraudulent charge. I called Ebay only 3 hours after the fraudulent purchase was made. I spoke with 3 different departments and had to explain the situation at great length each time. They didn't seem to understand the situation. The last person in the High Value Claims department assured me that he would resolve the issue within 24-48 hours and the cc charge would be reversed. I waited for the email from him confirming the resolution. 24 hours later after no such email, I called Ebay again and had to go through the same explanation to multiple people before I spoke to the High Value Claims dept. This person said the guy from the day before was mistaken and that they couldn't do anything to reverse the charge. He would investigate and have someone call me back. The original High Value guy from the 1st day called me back and acted like he was being nice and following up with me. He did finally say that he made a mistake and I would have to wait for the seller to refund my money. He said the camera already shipped and that they were doing some investigating into the "fraudulent" activity - this was 24 hours after I called! He went on to talk about how suspicious the hacking & charge was in that the shipping address wasn't changed and basically implied that I was making the whole thing up. If Ebay would have contacted the seller as soon as I alerted them then the camera wouldn't have shipped. Since they didn't do that and instead opened a request that told the seller that I hadn't received my item, the seller shipped it right away???? Now I have to wait for the item to be returned to the seller and sometime after that they will refund my $4199 to my credit card. Ebay did a horrible job of resolving and handling this matter. When I get my refund, I will close my Ebay account and stick with more trusted sites like Amazon!

I bought a 19.65 CT Fire Luster Sparkling 100% Natural MultiPattern AUSTRALIAN BoulderOpal at eBay. when it arrived it didn't look like the add at all. The shape of the stone was same as advertised but the stone had no color to it at all. I took a picture of it and protest to eBay. at first they said the seller will provide me with return label for free return. Then they said the shipper can not issue return label. The seller send me an address in Thailand to sen it back even though it was shipped from Frankfurt Germany. The shipping costs is seven times more that the item. I think eBay is responsible because the picture of the item in eBay web page was Photo shop enhanced with blue filter to make the colors bright and vivid. eBay must stop these people from selling items that are not true representation of the product.

eBay has violated my civil rights by denying me my first amendment right to leave negative feedback or complain about the eBay's policy of protecting sellers in the community forums. eBay was very aware that I returned the wrong item and the seller did not returned my money.

Whatever you do, do not sell on Ebay. They will ***** the seller every time and side with the buyer no matter what. Even though your ad may say "no refunds" and sold "as is" they don't care. If a buyer requests a return they will allow it, then freeze your Paypal money, then take the money out of your Paypal account without your permission. It's a total racket. The buyers know this and exploit it. Save yourself the grief and the 13% loss between Ebay and Paypal and sell local.

Sold a burberry belt on ebay after 10 days of delivery buyer opened a case claimes he received wrong item. Ended up buyer returned a used non brand belt back to me.I have sent pictures to ebay but they still insist they made the right decision of refunding the buyer.Ebay rule is Not fair to me and all other honest sellers.

Very poor service; I would not recommend selling any items on E Bay - I had nothing but problem and poor customer service. I had all documentation/proof and they still did not listen. I would rate them an F

if it weren't for the variety of merchandise that ebay has to offer i honestly would not shop there. they take more kindly to their merchants, than their customers. i have put in some disputes in the past for either not receiving my items, or items damaged upon receipt, and i always lost the disputes. so i was out of the money spent and the item ordered. the merchant always came out on top. ebays customer service reps are also unprofessional and lack any helpful information. also, they are not there to help you at all. i would not recommend ebay to friends and family.

Be aware about buy in Ebay, the product that you received are totally garbage, from China, and they don't do anything about it, is super difficult to communicate with them and the seller do what ever they want. Don't waste your money. be aware of ************ seller.

eBay has violated my civil rights by denying me my first amendment right to leave negative feedback or complain about the eBay's policy of protecting sellers in the community forums.

Ebay uses tricks against buyers to drive auction prices through the roof. For example I logged on to check what I was following and the end time said one day 14 minutes. I knew I would possibly be sleeping when it ended so I placed my bid. I woke up the next day and it still had one day 3 hours left. Ebay had made me think the auction was ending over twelve hours earlier so now I have to face 12 hours of new bids that will drive the price higher

Ebay is a SCAM!!! Ebay is robbing me of my money, they lied about returning my money, its been over 4 months, I kept calling their support which is based out of Philippines, they train their support to lie and give you the run around, I assuming so you get tired and give up.. I can't believe how horrible their service has become in the last few years.. I have other options but kept calling to get lied, and lied again!!! Ebay you STOLE my MONEY!!! YOU ARE BUNCH OF THIEVES!! No more Ebay for me, Amazon will get all my business..

Ebay shipping calculator is NOT accurate, resulting in up to 80% extra expense for the seller at the post office. Customer service representitives will sympathize for the error but will make no attempt to correct it. These errors, combined with Ebay's hefty seller fees will result in little to no money for the item you just sold. Both buyers and sellers should be able to trust that the final shipping amount is correct or be reimbursed by Ebay if able to prove otherwise. With so many other reputable online marketplaces available, it would be wise NOT to choose Ebay.

I've been an Ebay buyer for 10 years. I've sold 2 items recently and lost approximately $150 because of terrible policy, terrible customer service, and ridiculous fees. I sold brand new computer memory and stated no returns. Buyer did not ensure compatibility, requested a refund stating it was defective, and I could not decline this even though all indications point to incompatibility not defect. I called customer service to explicitly told me there was nothing I can do besides issue the refund then dispute it. After issuing the refund, receiving the RAM, testing it, and even continuing to use it (right now as we speak), I called customer service to dispute it and because I'm not a commercial account and, still, because the buyer SAID it was defective and because I initiated a refund (as I was instructed) that I cant do anything about it. Total Losses: Paid $159.99 for the item. Sold it for $82. Paid $7.99 to ship the item and another $2.75 to have it returned. $18.74 in Ebay Fees (thats 22.5% of the sale price) Now the product is opened and tampered with and it can't be sold as new. I've spent 3 hours on the phone with ebay or arguing with the buyer. Ebay now values this product at $40 opened for a grand total of= $149.47 ...and I just wanted to sell an item i wasnt going to use at a discount to get a few bucks. Now I'm OUT $150. I couldn't be more disgusted with their policies or their "too bad" attitude.

I could not be more disappointed with how eBay is handling a case of harassment with a buyer. I called 5 times to complain, wrote several emails, and had to get law enforcement involved. A buyer was stealing my personal photos of when I was young and using them in a threatening manner and eBay did nothing about it. I begged for them to block the user from harassing me further, but they did nothing. I escalated the issue 4 times and nothing. The buyer then destroyed my product and is demanding a refund and eBay SIDED with this man. A man that is harassing a woman with a family and using young photos of her on the eBay website to threaten her. How disgusting. I don't feel safe on their site any longer and they will not allow me to close my account, so I just have to accept this monster harassing me. I am traumatized and seeking treatment because of this. I was a faithful customer to eBay for 7-8 years and will now never ever use them again.

Horrific,disgusting,vile.I overpaid my ebay fees rather than refund my money they kept it for the following month.

I placed an order on www.eBay.com on 10/8/2017.Â  Within an hour ebay charged my credit card through show on my statement as Paypal.Â  Yet, I checked out of ebay with my credit card never authorizing them to use Paypal.Â  The seller of this purchase sent me a INVALID/SCAM/FAKE TRACKING NO. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.Â  On USPS it is still in PRE-Shipping status till today.Â  And no other carrier (UPS, FedEx)has this tracking no. as a valid one.Â  I keep get emails from the seller telling me my package is at my P.O. Box.Â  eBay.com REFUSES to DISPUTE this order and send it to the Resoultion Center in their company. They claim that Paypal is disputing it.Â  Yet, I did not authorize paypal to even cherge my account.Â  The seller information is as follows: address: XXXXX Blue ******* Rd., Evansville, IN XXXXX-XXXX, email is; **************** ***************@members.ebay.com

Look at the review rating 94% are negative, yet ebay has an A+ BBB rating, how is this possible? One cannot leave a negative review on ebay until 7 days have gone by, who does this protect, um, the vendors.

eBay customer service, all based in China or India does not help. There is an algorithm that both Appla and gmail are having problems with. I was told this by eBay technical support after I called because I could not send messages. After explaining my situation my account was then restricted but no one could tell me why. Dumb *** customer service.

They claim to have a "Money Back Guarantee" but thats a lot of **** I ordered two packages. Both accidentally went to the wrong address. Major user error on my end. But eBay doesn't care about that or their customers. I tried to get a refund for the package and got told no. I went to the neighbors place. They had one of the two that were delivered on the SAME DAY. So I file a claim. The seller couldn't do anything about it since the post office said it was delivered. So I make a half dozen calls and knock on some doors and no one has the package. I file a claim through eBay with zero luck. I kept getting told the same lame story over and over. So now I have to contact PayPal and see if they can do anything at all to help me out. Clearly eBay only cares about making money and not helping very very unhappy customers. They dont even bother to listen to what the real problem is. They dont care about customers at all. I should sue them for the whole 'Money Back Guarantee' scheme they're playing at. It was the worst experience to date. I will never ever shop with eBay again.

Unclear fees used. Charged me double fees without proper notification or reasoning. Explains that PayPal charges a separate fee but then did not offer a viable alternative for a one time seller to sell through. Basically you have to pay two fees or become a seller with a monthly fee. Never using again.

I placed an order for an external hard drive for a Macintosh computer before realizing that I already had access to the item in question, so I tried to cancel the order.... I was of course informed by the eBay represntative that they would need to contact the seller to resolve this cancellation despite the fact that I contacted them just 5 minutes after placing the order. Alright, so they need to confirm the cancel with the seler, thatis fine I thought. They did so, and I received an Email claiming that my refund had been approved. So, I check my Pay Pal account, and it shows the refund for the cost of the item, but the card account that the payment was originally taken from does not show anything about a refund at all. Also, there is no money that has been added to my Pay Pal balance either. I received this Email last night late, and did not see it until this morning whern I woke up and checked my Email, so it was outside of operating hours for both eBay, and Pay Pal to contact them. So, basically I will not be receiving the item, but they have decided to just keep my payment. This is unsatisfactory to me, and I am sickened by this now!!

Here is a letter that I sent to ebay recently concerning half.com closing and the loss of approximately $485 on my part. Mr. *****, My name is **** ***** and I am a retired firefighter who is trying to live the American dream of writing. I traded in many items to eBay's sister site, half.com, a while ago. I was excited to use my credit for reference material and books. Unfortunately, I was not aware that half.com was shutting down. I am in the process of moving and have not had a lot of down time recently. My problem is that my gift certificates for the items half.com accepted in trade in for me appear to be worthless now. I have consulted with both ebay and half.com customer service to see if I could be assisted. The gentleman I talked with was very nice and called me back two days later with the bad news that he could not help me. I have five gift certificates totaling about $483! I understand the failing on my part to not be aware of the closing, but I was hoping that some arrangement could be made to keep me from just losing out on this money. I would be eternally grateful if my half.com certificate credit could be switched to ebay gift credit. I have pics of the gift certificates to prove my story and would gladly send them if you would like. I realize how busy your schedule must be. I ask humbly if you could do this for me. Times are a little tight for me, and this credit would really help me out. Thank you for your time. ****

Add me to this list. Seller is playing a game of cat and mouse. Ebay is aware, and can see precisely what the seller is doing. (Working the system to delay refund). This is a financial nightmare for me. Recently I moved to the country, and a great distance from the nearest city. I purchased an RV friendly washing machine from a seller on ebay. It arrived rather promptly, but damaged beyond repair in shipping. I notified the seller, and he replied to me "I am sorry this arrived in such condition. Fedex will be there tomorrow to pick up the washer. You will need to do nothing, as they will have paperwork for you." Well, FIVE DAYS PASSED of me emailing the seller. Each day it was, "I am sorry they will be there tomorrow" Finally I called Fedex myself, and they said I needed a "recall number," thus I contacted the seller for this information. He now has forwarded the information, and unknown to me has changed the status from "exchange item" to "buyer wants a refund" I never authorized that. Originally the seller said a new one would be on it's way as soon as Fedex picked up the package, but now he says (and so does ebay) that there is nothing that can be done about a replacement and all I can do is wait an additional 8 days (5 business days) for a refund. NOW THE WORST PART...The damaged washing machine is on it's way back to me. The seller refused it saying that it was damaged in shipment to him. In addition, the seller says "I have not received the return yet" Um, I can read tracking info. Every bit of conversation has been done through the ebay relay system. The customer service reps can see what has happened, and agree with me that this is not ok. However, I still get "I am sorry there is nothing I can do" I have encountered rude and condescending reps during this entire ordeal. It is now three weeks since I made the purchase and three trips to town to do laundry at $50 per trip. In addition to the refund I have not yet received I am out $150 I could not afford. Total loss $250. My insurance is now going to lapse costing me an enormous amount of money for a renewal policy. If only I had made this purchase on Prime I would have had my replacement weeks ago.

I had purchased 2 gift cards for Ebay with $500.00 for a purchase a a car yet before sending the redemption codes to ebay I phoned ebay and asked about this car and they replied somebody is trying to scam you. 2 and a half months now I've been trying to get a refund for these ebay gift cards and have sent in photo's of everything they have requested 28 times.Mentally I'm exhausted and cannot go another day being mad at the world because of this.I'm now filing a complaint for I can't find any results dealing with this refund .

ebay has good prices and generally sellers are decent. but recently a seller ****** would not refund me for merchandise not received- i wrote to the president of ebay and he refused to issue a refund. A little crooked if you ask me.

EBay has taken a turn for the worse, i purchased an item and paid for it 30 days today. I submitted a support request on September 5th 2017. Ebay informed me that the seller had shipped the item and they extended the hold time to 9/10 then 9/15 then 9/17 and now to 9/21 I am done and it appears that their call center cant guarantee me a refund as they are asking me to wait to receive the item and then ship it back for a refund from the same seller who wont respond to messages. I have been an ebay customer since July 2001 and have made close to 400 transactions, I think this company has lost its edge which is why i will most likely not use their site again and advice you to do the same. Paypal for that matter has turned to **** also, i clicked to request a refund on the same item and it sends me back to ebay which is clear they cant do anything these days with a call center who knows where. I requested a supervisor and they told me they were all tied up on other calls.

I bought a painting on ebay, the seller sent it to me and was damaged in the mail. he had no insurance on the painting with fed ex. I retuned the painting to the seller and proof that he received the painting back. The seller said he never got the return painting so they will not refund my money. I am out over $1,000.00. There is a scam that some seller use is sell something for a lot of money and then say their didn't get it back so they have the painting and the money both and ebay wont do anything.

I have been a member of ebay almost since the incpetion of the online business. I had not sold in a very long time. Recently I attemped to sell 4 items. One was a large ticket item for $306. The item was damaged in shipping to the buyer hence a dispute was opened by the buyer. We communicated back and forth and the buyer inititated a claim with the USPS since I had insured the packaged. Ebay was supposedly monitoring the communication and mediating this dispute. I had decided to issue a refund for the item to the buyer and asked him to ship it back to me. A pop up on ebay indicated he woould have a certain amount of time to ship the item back before I would be credited for the sale. Unknown to me at the time the buyer had gived the packaged to the USPS since they requested it. Ebay closed the case shortly after the refund. The problem with this is that the buyer had the package, was fililng for the claim and had his money back. I asked ebay in 3 seperate emails to reopen this becuase the buyers still had the package after I had refunded the money. I essentially wanted to make sure I either got the package back of paid if the claim was piad by the USPS. All messages were ignored and not asnwered. To make the situation worse I received and invoice after this and they were charging me $30 in fees for selling the item which I obviously did not sell and had returned the money. I also found out that certain fees are charged for listing even when items do not sell. I had 3 other items that were charged multiple fees over and over that I never sell. I was unaware that even though you did not sell and item you could still be charged certain "special fees). I had some items in which I paid more in special fees than they were worth and I didnt even sell them. When I called ebay they did refund the charge for selling the item in which I had returned the money to the buyer. I had asked about all of the special fees on the items I didnt sell and the lady I spoke with told me she could give me a $20 credit towards the $37 worth of fees towards the items I didnt sell. I told her I had been around a long time and charging fees on items that didn't sell was new to me. She informed me this change was made approx. 1 year ago. I told her I was interested in the full refund. She indicated I will look into it and get back to you in 15 minutes and she confirmed my phone number before she hung up. It has been 3 days and I have not received a phone call. I will never sell anything on ebay again if I can help it.

I keep getting my identity stolen from Ebay. It happened a few years ago and the customer service was helpful, but today 09/14/2017 I tried to list a sells item with it stating I could not sell an item but gave no reason why. I had called and talked with customer service when I ask why I couldn't sell they had ask are you associated with these user names giving 2 user names. I replied no, I had never heard of either of those and told the rep my identity was stolen from Ebay before and ask if it was happening again. The only thing she told me was I was at risk and I wasn't allowed to sell. I ask her at risk for what her reply was " I can't discuss that with you." I ask if my identity was stolen again? She replied I can't discuss that with you. My paypal is linked to my Ebay and money was taken from my account before on top of the person who stole my identity selling over $10,000.00 worth of stuff (which would leave me with the taxes to pay on it. I contacted all of the proper people once I found out the name of the person and had it fixed the first time it happened. I only found out before because someone returned the item they bought from the other seller (thinking it was me) back to my home address. Ebay should inform me if someone stolen my identity so I know where to start instead of saying I can't discuss that with you. It is my bank account! My identity! My personal information I have the right to know so I can properly protect myself!!!

I've had a very negative experience with ebay. I'm a sometime seller. I was told THREE times by 3 different representatives that a claim would be found in my favor, that I had to wait until 9/9 to ask them to step in to do so, only to be told something completely different. I was called a liar because I was told there were no previous records on my case and that I didn't speak with anyone else previously, only to be told later, yes there were other notes on my case. They do not stand behind their word nor do they do anything to protect sellers who pay their fees. I will be taking my business elsewhere, they are not the only marketplace around. I would highly advise others to do so, as well. I'm also contact California's AG's office of consumer protection.

I have been a member of eBay since1999. I had no problems until last month. I send items to buyer. The buyer complained about Items. Before I shipped the items to buyer, I inspect there are any defective. But when buyer got Items, he complained about Items. I explained items are not manufacture defective, It's cracktastic of the items. Buyer claim to eBay money back guarantee. eBay's decision is buyer's favor. When complaint is end up by buyers favor, I have to pay full refund of money and buyer can keep the items. I feel there is something wrong. whenever reason buyer gets full refund, Items should send back to seller. Why buyer gets money and item? Any business, If you don't satisfy the item, you get money back, but item have to return to the store or seller. I feel I need sellers protection. Why buyer can keep items and money. I really don't understand the system. Now I'm asking lawer this system is against the law or not.

Massive Shill Bidding and Illegal Extortion Going on at eBay eBay has a big problem with certain sellers using aggressive shilling practices. I was a victim of this shilling on August 18th, 2017. Who did this shilling? Sellers ***************** and ********************* (I believe these two stores are run by the same seller or network. Here is what happened to me. I had put in some bids on a number of earrings by the 2 sellers above. I was out bid on most of them days before. I received a notice via eBay on August 18th that I was the high bidder for a pair of earrings I had previously been out bid on, and the auction was ending in 5 minutes. The auction ended and I, of course, had to pay for the item. I did a bit of investigation and saw that a previous bidder had retracted their bid, leaving me the high bidder. Well, I thought, okay, that's fine. Then, 5 minutes later, another notice from eBay popped up and said that I was high bidder for another pair of earrings that I was previously out bid on, and I won and to now pay for the item. Then another notice popped up with another pair of earrings that I was previously out bid on, that I now won and had to pay for. Then later in the evening, it happened again. This occurred a total of 4 times on this day. I did a bit of investigation, and it turned out that in all 4 of these auctions, a shill bidder retracted their bid minutes before the auctions ended, making me the high bidder, and making me pay for the items. Now, I find it highly odd and a coincidence that bids could be retracted for all 4 of those auctions. I don't believe in coincidences, but I do believe in deceitful people. Now, I have taken a look at the 2 stores above and can clearly see the shilling pattern used to illegally EXTORT money from people. In two of the auctions I was forced to pay for, it was the same bidder retracting their bid. The other two, are different, but shills none the less. If you go into the negative/neutral feedback of the 2 stores above, you will see others, like myself, who complained that the seller was using shills. Also, the seller is using automatic bids to shill. You should also be aware that the 2 stores above, are violating another eBay regulation: they are absolutely selling fake jewelry and passing them off as real 925 sterling silver gemstone jewelry. Nowhere in the description, for any of their jewelry, do they use the words: "overlay", "imitation", "simulant", "plating", "alloy", anything to truly describe the costume jewelry the are selling to the public. Here again, if you go in and read the negative/neutral feedback, you will find loads people that had acid tested the metal, had the gemstones tested, and the items were found to be complete fakes. I knew when I originally placed bids on the earrings, that they were, indeed, fakes - I was not bidding because they were real, I know the difference. Another thing. As I investigated, I came across other stores with the same kinds of complaints of bid manipulation/shilling and selling fake jewelry. There are more, I simply did not list them, you investigate: ********************** ********************* ************** ***************** ************************ ******************* ***************** *************** ***************** I believe there is massive shilling going on on eBay, a lot of it coming out of India, and I believe eBay to be turning a blind eye to this. You will see this if you check out the stores above and look for the others on eBay. So, now my question to you, eBay, is: What are you going to do about it? I am positive, I am not the first person to complain about the shilling going on in the list of stores above. You seem to cast a blind eye to this fraud and have allowed it to happen for quite some time, if the feedback from those 2 stores is any indication. Yes, I would like my money back for the items, since the money was gotten illegally through extortion means, as far as I am concerned. However, knowing eBay like I do, I doubt I will find restitution, since you do nothing about shilling. No, shilling is not hard to prove: I figured out the 2 stores above where shilling people within minutes, so I would assume eBay has intelligent detective types working for them and they, too, can see the pattern and figure it out. I want something done about this and those sellers before more unsuspecting people are victims of this sneaky type of extortion.

Two problems" 1. Customer disputed the item he purchased from me, claiming it was damaged, and requesting a refund. He had nearly one week to send the item back and never did. After more than two weeks, eBay finally credited my account back. The customer left a NEGATIVE feedback stating I wrapped the product in paper towel. TOTAL LIE. I called eBay and they said that unfortunately, there is nothing they can do about it. Customer are permitted to leave 100% lies in the feedback, and we are helpless. I wrapped this item in bubble wrap, but all people viewing my feedback will see that I wrapped it in paper towel. eBay is not telling me the truth on the phone about not being able to do anything about it. 2. With a 99% positive feedback, and a 97.9% sellers performance, I am banned from selling in bullion as a punishment for my low performance. This is unbelievably outrageous! I have since listed a large bullion collection on Amazon. eBay has lost $9,000 in eBay fees, and handed the profits to Amazon to punish me for nearly 100% positive feedback and sellers performance!!! Amazon fees are ridiculously high, but I am forced to use them because of eBay's ******* policies.

Ebay "tagged" my account, which had 100% positive reviews, because another account with a similar name and location owes them $90. They lowered my selling/buying amount pending this other person paying their debt. Their Privacy Policy was completely disregarded as they told me the person's name and the amount of money he owes. I asked how they can have another person's behavior affect my account and the manager said, "Because we can." I ended my account. Also, they had charged me $800 via paypal for listing a piece of furniture that never sold. I started a "complaint ticket" and they never responded and then ended the ticket.

As a seller and a buyer, I have had many problems with eBay and when I contact them they are less than helpful (and that's if you get someone who actually can speak fluent English without a very thick accent, i.e.; customer service is in the Philippines, were they can pay people less than half minimum wage and who only care about their paycheck at the end of the week). I have been buying and selling on eBay for over 13 years and I have seen eBay's policies change from giving sellers carte blanche to the pendulum swinging to having scam buyers take full advantage of Ebay's refund policy and allowing eBay buyers damage, steal and extort from sellers). In 2004, Donohoe took over and I watched many good sellers leave, because they were not respected, taken advantage off and felt they had no other choice but to leave for other venues. I have spent hundreds of hours talking with customer service representatives, who do nothing but spout back canned scripts like "I hear your frustration" or "I am sorry you have had a bad experience", only to end the phone call with I am sorry "it's just our policy or there is no remedy (except an policy change which they have no authority to change) for what ails "eBay". To see that eBay has an A+ on the *** when there are 197 customer reviews and 185 of those are NEGATIVE....should tell all readers of these reviews that the game is rigged (including the ***). I guess this what we get living in America, when no one is held accountable or has integrity (just look at how miserable a job Congress does and gets paid very handsomely for doing such a poor job). This has become the American business model......do nothing, fix nothing, spout rhetoric and get paid well. Again, how does the *** rate as an agency, when the agency (eBay) has 185 negative reviews out of 197 and over 6,000+ complaints about eBay. YET, the *** gives eBay an A+ review. People should get use to being exploited and ****** dry of their money, it's the American business way. I am tired of trying to work on ****, only to have them deaf, dumb, blind....but holding their hand out for money at the end of the month. The vampiric drain on me emotionally, financially and mentally for me is more than enough and the fact I cannot find anyone at eBay or any outside agency will to do anything to change the problems or to make eBay accountable for their bad business model/management is something I can no longer afford. Shame on eBay, shame of the *** and shame on our government for them letting corporations run without oversight and become the greedy ************ they are.

I purchased a 64GB usb thumb drive on eBay and it was found to be a fake counterfeit drive to look like the original. It was actually a 8GB drive with firmware installed for a 64GB drive so the pc will look at it as if it were a 64GB drive when plugged in. If I copied anything over 6.6Gb of data the remaining data will be corrupted and unusable. I contacted eBay twice to ban the seller which they still continue to let eBay buyers purchase this counterfeit item. I have contacted several of the buyers and mentioned to them how to test the drive which theirs were found to be counterfeit as well. All the seller does is give the money back and eBay doesn't do a thing. I have found other sellers selling the same items and contacted the buyers as well. They received counterfeit items also. The sellers have sold 100's and thousands of these items. I have reported them all and ebay does nothing. They need to stop all sells of USB drives as 90% of them are fake. To good to be true then don't buy it on eBay.

As far as I know this website is legit. I have purchased MANY things on this website including phones, fans, ipods, video games furniture and even a WII U. There was one incident when they sent me a game for the wrong console. I told about my problem and they let me keep and they also sent me the right one after. This website is good. The only thing i have to say is to make sure you read the description before buying something.

eBay has some nice clothes at some nice prices. Even though they don't always make a good bargain I still shop online from there. I'm actually pretty surprised about the variety of clothes and other items to buy from it. I have ordered many and never disappointed.

With Ebay, most of the goods sold are done in a timely manner.

For me Ebay is the best website one can buy goods because in most cases you find that people who were scammed did not follow up on the product and seller so as to meet each other's standard (the buyer and the seller).

I bought a product on ebay from a company near me and arranged to collect it and pay cash but its a dreadful area so I asked the seller to give me a phone number in case I got lost. Ebay would not allow this and I was not much bothered but now Ebay has restricted my account so I... read more

what about returning a mobile which is very low price than the original price..?and it was given 1 month warranty

I'm an experienced ebay buyer during 15 years.
In all that time, I've never had a bad experience with american sellers.
But since many asian sellers came here and I got something from them, I had some bad experiences.
Afterall it's an awesome site if you want to buy high quality american made products.

eBay gets 5/5 from me.

I ordered 4 seat cushion from Sjudd@aol.com. They were Pierre Deux fabric, and Shelley and I texted back and forth to get the dimensions just right. They turned out beautifully and were done in a timely manner.

Always the best deals on this site :) thank you ebay i just bought a new phillips tv and its much better than the chinese junk i usually get near black friday. I mean talk about the lines!!

I recently bought a game for my son from a ebay seller turns out the game was fake. Reached out to the seller, ebay and paypal to get my money back no luck with anyone of them finally my bank refunded me and going after the seller. I have been a ebay shopper for as long as I can remember but when I needed them to step in and help no luck.

I sold an BRAND NEW $400 item and plus paid the $30 something dollars shipping, turns out buyers can swap their old and used item and return it for full refund and they keep the BRAND NEW item while I get stuck with their old and used item plus lost over $430.00 dollars!!!

Been using EBay for a long time now, good deals on many many things. Great for selling stuff you don't need anymore and it simply reaches the most people who want your stuff. I am not going to get rich from it, but my stuff is sold with out having a flea market in my yard.

If you want an online company that completely vulnerable then EBAY is the place! It is 2017 and they still don't know what security. They DONT care about their users. Its a online giant that's falling, just like Bestbuy.

The first place I go to find what I need or want. Easy to use and for payment, they except PayPal which is the only company I use because they will try and help you with a trnaction.

This is my 3rd month selling, so I'm still a newbie.

It's very user friendly and easy to set up and ship.

I've had 2 situations that eBay decided in my favor:

The buyer claimed they never received an item. eBay asked for my tracking number, which I provided, and within 2 days they decided in my favor. They do not allow the buyer to leave negative feedback in a situation like this.

I sold an item and wasn't paid by the buyer. I did attempt to correspond several times with no answer. Again, EBay doesn't allow them to leave negative feedback even if the seller decided to.

From my experience, eBay has always been on the customer's side. Lately, though, I noticed these people would much rather take the dumb seller's side! Heed my warning when I say do not purchase from a useless imbecile of a seller named "TIPBEER"! I never received an item so I complained to both the seller and to customer service but they too did not help at all! I suggest you guys stick to purchasing items from U.S. sellers! These awful sellers from China are just careless, money hungry liars!

just had my account suspended for offering to sell outside ebay, Because i put a facebook link at the end of a message to a buyer where he was requesting measurements. No offer to trade outside ebay was asked for or made ... ebay rep acknowldged this, (the item is still for sale on my account) ... but i am told "ebay policies are binding" and i have to be punished for breaching the rules. Customer Service Rep seemed to be on a power trip.

I have use Ebay on and off for years, I am disappointed to say that Ebay has progressively gotten worse over time. Expect the worst when you buy on ebay.
I definitely recommend Mercari as an alternative. Mercari has better prices and a simpler, more refined experience.

I have been a seller on ebay since 1998 because this type of buying was putting my small doll and teddy bear out of business. i have always hated this because the seller is absolutely abused by ebay fees and customer support incompetance.
First be aware that ebay charges the seller fees on shipping fees that are charged to the buyer for shipping products. Yes that is unbelievable with shipping fees being so high at this time to individual small business.
Second ebay allows buyers that do not pay to leave feedback for sellers but if sellers leave negative feedback for the buyer then the seller account is restricted. .
Third ebay customer service is incompetant and they rarely have the answers without waiting on the line for great lengths of time to talk to a supervisor.
Fourth the fees are so excessive on ebay and they push you to sell cheaper and cheaper constantly so that at some point all you work for is to pay the fees and lose money all the time on products.
i still sell on ebay and really all i want to say is FU ebay I really do not give a crap anymore if i sell anything anymore I am 62 years old and have been abused by your system for so many years that all i hope and pray is that you fail and go bankrupt you an all your incompentant moronic employees. FU

They dont even deserve a 1 rating
I have a 18 year history( mostly selling but NO SNAGS)
I have my checking account and 2 credit cards linked to my account. I have never had a problem paying fees or purchases, yet they are holding my funds !!!!!! Yes, they got their fees and are collecting interest on my money !!! So so so very rude !!!!!

I ordered stuff with e-bay over 500.00 and paid by paypal and got wrong item,
I have put numerous resolution, nothing happend NO refund. Bad company
lost over 500.

Cook2105 will take advantage of you. I sent a contract saying that if they had the "blue" sweater they advertised in a grey version that I would be happy to pay for it. The lighting in the picture is made to where you cannot tell the sweater was blue at all, but they will accept the "contract" anyway no matter what you say.

Never try to sell anything on EBay!

Because of them, I've lost over $160 because of terrible policies, terrible customer service, and ridiculous fees. Have been a buyer for 10 years. I'm closing my account because of this.

Fun fact everyone, if you just SAY that a product is defective, the buyer cant decline it or do anything about it. Customer service will advise you incorrectly then their escalations team will tell you that because you're not a commercial seller, that you have no seller protection.

If you dont like your product, dont want it, or just because you feel like it, submit a refund request and say the item is defective. You'll rip off the seller and make out like a bandit. That's what happened to me. They're still charging me $18 dollars in fees too.

Good for buyers. Terrible for sellers. Fees, fees, and more fees. I will be closing my account shortly. Totally not worth it.

ebay used to be like going to a car boot/yard sale where the people selling were selling odd bits they do not need any more
but now there are shops advertising there good on ebay
now this has happened its like going to a discount store

BUONA E VELOCE LA SPEDIZIONE, NON HO AVUTO FINO ADESSO IMPREVISTI, HO RICEVUTO GLI OGGETTI IN TEMPO E BEN CONFEZIONATI

Ebay is out of date and needs to refresh the business.
I am still able to get certain thing from there that is lower in price than amazon.

The product was really bad quality not suitable for a baby the customer service was terrible was going to cost to much to return and it has to be unopened do not buy from this company first and last purchase from eBay

Does not want to put any effort on helping you recover your old account, hackers can change your secret questions easily. Does not bother to help you in anyway and just bans you for life and tell their sellers to part ways with them. AMAZING

I buy stuff from here all the time. Great site. Cheaper than Amazon.

Check aliexpress for a price comparison though because a lot of their sellers are from China.

I have been left out of pocket by Ebay. I sold items , paid for postage and packaging and ebay got there monthly fee from my account. Whereas I didnt get a single penny because I was a new seller and according to paypal my email was unconfirmed. I wated alot of time with both ebay and paypal to resolve my issue, but they sent me automatic email saying bull$#*! I alreafy have read on there websites (which were not helpful in my case). Ebay said they are helpless to do anything. I mean whose responsibilty is it to check and confirm an email address (which is perfectly function for all the other communications)?

Due to fraud , I am not going to purchase on line a much . I stick with amazon . Some businesses on eBay are also fraud . Unfortunately , purchasing from any business from China could be fraud . I had bad rxieteincecwith eBay and light in the box . The Chinese on line shopping should be banned from
USA or controlled heavily

We all know how bad ebay has let themselves get- and they only have themselves to blame, so here is the upside- you CAN take your business elsewhere. You DO only pay 2% commission on the sale of your items+NOT postage cost on 'ebid.net'. You can import ALL of your items with a couple of clicks and save years of time re-listing. You CAN import ALL of your posative feedback rating across from ebay also, the same feedback you have worked so hard to earn. It is an honest community and will be the next 'ebay'! Lets all migrate and be happy campers again-it's been a while....

The fact they keep your money for weeks when you sell something keeps me from selling there anymore . The buying is seemless and perfect .

On several occasions I have sellers back out of transactions. Ebay does nothing and doesn't care.Contacting them is worse than useless.

I buy from eBay often and often sell on there. Best sale and buy site for sure. Any products you need used or new they have ready to ship.

It is clearly pick and choose. I was selling an item on eBay and had my account suspended for it. Ive seen and also reported other sellers ( to see if they would do anything) not yet. Sadly I feel they pick and choose.

I have sold on EBAY since 2009 and they have changed so much about the selling and buying process. there is no longer any protection for buyer/sellers any longer it is simply a way for eBay to capitalize on selling fees etc. You can no longer list items and sell them with ease. I would suggest craigslist to anyone who would except this sort of buy/selling experience. Brace yourself for disaster.

I sold a phone on Ebay to Olyfrank Morales and after the buyer received it he cancelled the payment so Im out of the phone and the money. I called Ebay numerous times and nothing was done. I have removed all my listings, about 30. I was ripped off by a Buyer and Ebay representatives dont care and pretty much told me they cant help and Im going to loose my money if the buyer doesnt decide to pay me. I know my business doesnt matter, Im no one but it will be a cold day if I ever make any more business with Ebay, I have removed all my listings and sell somewhere else. If Ebay is going to allow a criminal to get away with my merchandise and my money than they dont need my business, I really hope that Ebay can help me resolve this issue, if not its not like Ebay is going to go bankrupt. Please help me or my entire family will not do business with Ebay again. Sellers should have a little more warranty than go file on the FBI website a form IC3 and good luck. Not happy at all!! Please dont sell on a website that protects criminals and there is no way to even take the buyer to court because no one will release enough information to sue them. DONT SELL ON EBAY!!!

The biggest problem here is that this site hasn't got a review section like others have. Sometimes it's difficult to understand how some product is made and the quality of it just by looking at the photos in the description box; and even when there are plenty of photos in it you're never sure if the seller just stole them from another shop. It's a little bit confusing if you plan on buying something that doesn't come from a well-known brand. Some products are cheap but the quality is good, some others are just terrible. I didn't have any particular bad experience with Ebay, you just have to be careful and read everything the seller writes and also try to buy things that were also bought from a lot of other customers.

They work with me every time I have a problem I have been do business with them for over 10 years and have lost no money they have covered or replaced with better merchandise.

I'm buying and also selling in Ebay, for more than 8 years now, and i believe that is almost the biggest electronic market around the world. There is always some exceptions with some of the sellers, that they don't follow the rules but they are so few, that you don't need to think about them.. I recommend it to every one of you.

I ordered a fitrist pulzz watch refurbished.
It mentioned it's 100% working.
And also eBay claim etc etc etc.
When I received item touch not working at all.
I tried to contact eBay and seller.
Seller said claim in eBay or service.
Ebay saying no claim possible only service which I need to do my self. So worst senario.

Many times I`ve been a buyer and a seller at Ebay and generally the site is very good for such needs. Just care to get some info about the seller you are getting an item from, there are still scams on the market, sadly ;(

The majority of sellers on eBay are just your neighbor, someone's mom or dad, grandparents, disabled people, just regular people selling items to keep the lights on and food on the table.
Think of how it is for you in your job when you make an error. Think about how you would like to be treated. Was the error so horrible that you deserve to have your pay docked. Was the error so bad that you deserve to be temporarily suspended. Or did you really screw up and deserve to be fired. It's no different for a seller. DSR can and do SIGNIFICANTLY impact a sellers ability to sell on Ebay. And the rules are so strict that even 2 buyers out of 100 transactions can bottom out a seller in the searches if they hit the DSRs while leaving FB. Think about that next time you feel like leaving negative feedback. And sellers think about that before you even join eBay as you'll spend your whole time being at the mercy of buyers and kissing their butts till you can't take the degradation anymore

They claim to have a "Money Back Guarantee" but thats a lot of BS!! I ordered two packages. Both accidentally went to the wrong address. Major user error on my end. But eBay doesn't care about that or their customers. I tried to get a refund for the package and got told no. I went to the neighbors place. They had one of the two that were delivered on the SAME DAY. So I file a claim. The seller couldn't do anything about it since the post office said it was delivered. So I make a half dozen calls and knock on some doors and no one has the package. I file a claim through eBay with zero luck. I kept getting told the same lame story over and over. So now I have to contact PayPal and see if they can do anything at all to help me out. Clearly eBay only cares about making money and not helping very very unhappy customers. They dont even bother to listen to what the real problem is. They dont care about customers at all. I should sue them for the whole 'Money Back Guarantee' bull$#*! scheme theyre playing at.

**** Sellers get scammed by eBay Read this!!!!****
If you sell anything on eBay the buyer can return it for any reason and they don't even need to return your original item they can return a box of rocks and eBay will force you to give them a refund. If you call eBay and ask them they will tell you this is true. I went all the way to the top of their support and that was the bottom line, "the customer can return anything they want even if it's not the original item and we will refund them. If they keep doing it over and over after a while we will stop them."

I purchased an item this not received it i opened a case and they took the sellers rout not cool for now on I'll go to Amazon.

I started visiting eBay when I wanted to replace my rented cable modem. By owning my own I would save $10.00/mo on my cable bill. I was going to buy the Arris gateway but it would have taken 2 years to break even. I noticed the exact cable modem I was renting was available for sale, but with one exception. They were all used. The one exception was a "Lot of 7" modems for around $500.00, so I decided to buy the seven, sell the six I didn't need on eBay and end up with my own for free.
The plan was going so well I decided to buy another lot of seven, and then another. It was easy to get started selling and as the extra modems sold on eBay, I was actually doing quite well financially. However, suddenly the modems I had sold started coming back to me. Evidently the ISP didn't like having their branded devices owned by their customers instead of being rented to them.
In the end I ended up refunding two-thirds of the sold modems, which was made easy with eBay and PayPal, and getting refunded myself for two of the three lots I had purchased, even though the seller was no longer an eBay member. eBay's return policy protected not only my buyers but me as well. Plus, I ended up with the Arris modem I had wanted in the first place from the profits on my non-returned devices. I also learned a lot and really appreciated the policies, assistance and help from eBay.

Be carfull - one of the worst robbing sites

Full of thiefs sellers , un authentic items - supported by the site customer service

I had an experience with fashion - all items are announced as original designer - but actually they are piece of trash with high prices - the admin of the site are only supporting their sellers - and let them steel your money .

WARNING Never buy clothes from EBAY gangs - never buy any thing from eBay they will only steal your money for left over garbage

A week ago i was looking for a certain kind of shampoo, I added an item to my watch list, but I didn't buy it, a few days later I received the same shampoo, I check my ebay shopping list and the purchase was not registered like it never took place but it did showed up in my statement, I inmediately got in touch with ebay custumer service and they were very rude, they accused me of buying the item by mistake and they said that that was none of their business, they said that I would have to contact the bank which is my next action but I think that at least I deserved some answers not unfounded accusations and a nasty treatment

For some reason they seem to put tracking numbers on parcels that aren't even tracked!! I'm a seller and buyer, only use eBay as a way of getting rid of household items.

They also claim arrival dates for items within 2 working days for Royal Mail 2nd class, when this is really is not true.

The new product reviews they have, clearly have a bug as my images in my description page go blank when you cilck on the 'read review's' link at the top.

They always, always, favour the buyer!!!

Tip for eBay appreciate your sellers more and you might attract some more trusted businesses and retailers that run to Amazon!!!

Another terrible part of the eBay seller experience is the fact they take buyers word for if an item was delivered late. Well if you're providing them with a 2 day delivery time for 2nd class which is actually 2-3 working days, then they're going to think it's late!!!!!

You cannot rate a seller on their delivery times based on what buyers constitute as being late. You should only rely on the actual tracked items. None of my items are tracked yet you seem to put on tracking codes from some random generator no doubt, that implies I've dispatched my parcels late, they're not tracked!!! How can you know??!????!?!?!!!! Yet its taken as gospel and lowers your seller rating as a result.

Seriously I've been a small business seller now for over a year now if anyone wants to know the real issues with selling as an eBay premium seller just comment below.

Rant over.

Wow, ebay is just terrible. Mostly cheap knock offs and terrible service. This wallet is not authentic, but they didn't seem to care. Why buy junk when you can buy real products elsewhere.

TOTAL SCAM FROM INDIA,JUNK STONES,AND COUNTERFIT HALLMARKED RINGS EAR RINGS NECKLACES BRACLETS.TOTAL FRAUD

Worst experience ever, never use ebay again. I will ask my friend not too.
Worst experience ever, never use ebay again. I will ask my friend not too.
Worst experience ever, never use ebay again. I will ask my friend not too.
Worst experience ever, never use ebay again. I will ask my friend not too.

I AM WRITTING IN CAPS BECAUSE I WANT EVEN A BLIND PERSON CAN SEE AND NEVER USE THIS SITE. I ORDERED A NOKIA PHONE FOR MY DAD AS HE CANT GO OUTSIDE. AND WHAT I FOUND IS THE PHONE IS NOT AT ALL WORKING.. WHEN I TRIED CALLING CUSTOMER SERVICE.. THEY SAID CONTACT SELLER BECAUSE ITS IN WARRANTY PERIOD OR VISIT NEAR BY REPARING CENTER... THEY DECLINED MY CALIM. WHY THE HELL A PERSON ORDER ONLINE COS WE DOESN'T WANT TO GO OUTSIDE.. AND NOW THIS FRAUD SITE DOESN'T REPLY... I REQUEST ALL OF YOU PRECIOUS CUSTOMER NEVEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEER EVERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR SHOP FROM THIS SITE. NO CUSTOMER SERVICE. NO GOOD PRODUCT..... I BEG DONOOOOTTTTTT EVER USE THIS FRAUD SITE.

This is my go-to site for clothes and products I see on TV, They have great deals and I am very happy with their service.

With 'customer service' this bad, I wonder why serious businesses even bother with the hassle of selling on eBay any more. I know I had to stop for the sake of my mental health.

The danger for consumers is that, because of eBay's vast reach and the millions of part-time, non VAT-registered sellers, many businesses are often selling at lower prices than on their own website, despite eBay's ever-increasing charges (remember when they were about 5% and no fees on postage?).

The consequence could be that in another decade or two, nearly all internet sales are handled through third party sites like eBay and Amazon. Businesses will basically no longer be independent, increasing amounts of merchandise will be banned as they are deemed politically incorrect (such as all Confederate flag items, as just one example).

They will be able to set prices by setting their fees and we will only have easy access to the books they think we ought to read and the music and films we should own and the food we should eat.

Join me in boycotting eBay, as a seller and as a buyer, otherwise we will be at the mercy of these kind of companies and in my experience, they don't do much inn the way of mercy.

when I say watch ebay, I mean read the product description well. there is a lot of difference in which seller on ebay, you deal with. some are real good, some are not so good. the really bad ones don't stay operating on ebay for very long. over all I have had good luck with ebay.

Worst company ever! They assist people in scamming other people out of their money. Anti service policies. Disgusting

I have had a terrible time dealing with eBays "seller fee" with items that have been bought by the numerous scammers that run rampant on this site. Not only was my item not sold but eBay charged me $60 and didn't even tell me why. The charge went right to my paypal account. During this time I went to Europe and did not have cell phone service or access to my mail. So... when I finally got my mail there was letters from a collection agency!!!! Guess what... my credit is RUINED because of scammers and eBays lack of attention to their customers. I will never ever buy or sell anything on eBay again. They have wasted my TIME, ENERGY, AND RUINED MY CREDIT.

They don't protect you at all as a seller. I prefer using Amazon . I sold a gown to someone on eBay . The person then requested a refund . I told them they need to return the gown but they didn't return it . EBay put the money on hold. So now I have no gown and no money . Everytime I contact them. They tell me nonsense

eBay can't protect you. They rather charge you a fees to list and sell your items rather than invest in better cyber security to thwart scams. See I recently listed an Apple Watch and received the emails from eBay and PayPal that my item sold and was paid. After calling both to confirm, I shipped only to find out two days later that it was a scam. The $315 I stood to make was not real and my watch was gone.

Rather than admit their wrong eBay repeatedly suggested I contact the USPS to stop shipments (2 days later of a Priority Package). Needless to say they didn't offer me anything for my misfortune. If this happens so much why haven't you found a
Mitigation for this?

They can't protect you if you haven't sold 25 or more packages. I can't do business w/ nor communicate w/ billion dollar company that can't protect my interest.

Effffff you ebay,

Former iWatch peroson

I had purchases a 310*90mm DIY Multi-Function Milling Machine, THIS IS TYPICAL CHEAP CHINESE CRAP. It is to small for my shop and what I try to do. The company lists everything in Millimeters so it seems larger than it is. However, It will not hold a piece of steel without it vibrating loose AND DESTROYING THE WORK I HAD ALREADY DONE. I had to start over again, with the same results. I finally had to buy another jig. I purchased this through EBay by the company bezzprice. I kept up with emails with them thinking this was going to be resolved. However, I found out this was just to give me a bunch of hassles that it went beyond the return date so I could not get my money back. Now EBay is not allowing me to even provide a review on this company that sold it to me.

I've been an ebayer for years and admit it's my favorite place to shop for Jewelry, perfume, household goods, etc. However, recently I discovered I love it even more! I hadn't realized I could purchase college books too! This site has it all and not just used but, new things too. Thank goodness for EBAY!

I love shopping on eBay because it's usually the cheapest place on the internet to buy whatever I want or need. I've bought over 100 items on eBay, and for the most part, I'm very glad I did because I'm sure I've saved 100's of dollars by doing so. Their selection is huge, and once you understand how everything works in their system, it should be an enjoyable shopping experience for you. I usually just pay the "buy it now" price for my item(s), but I've also won several auctions as the highest bidder on unique items, and also paid less by 'making an offer' to the seller when it's an option for the item (and the seller accepts my offer). I can't comment on selling anything on eBay, because I never have. Finally, I'm mostly satisfied with eBay's customer service/resolution department for any issues I've had. My only real complaint is that there are some seller's I've bought from on eBay that ended up being fictitious accounts (I never received the item I purchased). But because of eBay's guarantee, I was issued a full refund for my purchase price and shipping once the resolution department researched the issue and decided in my favor.

I order a lot and have gotten 95% of good products. If a product does not show up and seller does not work with you by refunding then eBay will step in after a waiting period and refund your money.

eBay is only a platform for other people to sell what ever they want online, so its hard to review it, even though - eBay helped with any issue I had in a matter of a few days, and they are also managing PayPal which is giving me even more confident.

There are a lot of things I can not find on eBay but nothing they can do about it..

Thanks for everything.

I bought an item on ebay and it was damaged in the mail so returned the item. E-Bay wont give me a refund on the money even though I have documentation that the seller received the item back. Its a Scam when the seller only has to say they didn't get it and ebay does nothing even if I have documentation

this is a real shopping mall. thanks to ebay, i have the most fantastic set of motorcycles, they have helped me in locating genuine dealers for spare parts.. i love it

I buy on eBay, everything came, returned money and problems weren't. Very large number of goods. Always there are alternative sellers and their prices.

i bought a teekking bag from this $#*!ing site...but returned the product as it was torned...but didnt get the refund so far...more than 3 months am waiting..very poor customer relation....every time they come up with rediculous reasons...even not call us or give us a response...$#*! OFF....they are doing fraud business...

Ebay continue to be the best place for me to bid and buy stuff online. I have met many great buyer and sellers

Yes! A five star rating for Buttcoleahter. TOP service and quick delivery to the Netherlands. Thanks a lot.

Bought a bridle that was described as over sized/warmblood, when I got it....it's clearly labeled FULL size therefore not fitting my horse. Seller would not accept return and eBay did nothing for me and would not give me a refund. Poor customer service, I thought I was protected as a buyer....apparently not.....if you don't care about loosing your money (i spent $300) then go for it. Any other online store would accept a return for this. In this case they protected the seller.....no buyer rights....Deplorable. Last time I buy on eBay......better off with Amazon....

IGNORES THE SELLERS NEEDS. BUYERS COME FIRST IN THEIR BOOK. I DON'T KNOW Y I KEEP SELLING ON HERE BUT I DO CUZ I NEED THE MONEY.
I HAVE NEGATIVE FEEDBACK AGAIN(2nd time) AND I CALLED THEM AND EXPLAINED BUT I GUESS NO ONE THERE DGARA!!!

I have worst ebay experience buying new mi 4a mobile and i received repaired phone mi service center justified he saying this phone allreday repaired other side . Worst support or rather I will say no support at all. Rude Support guys. Easy for any vendor to cheat on ebay. my claim register on 4th august but today 8sep. i dont received refund .

Ebay is the $#*!tier version of Amazon. The homepage looks like a grandpa designed it. It is possibly the most bland online shopping/purchasing website out there. You guys suck!!!! get with the 21st century and update ur poop website. Gosh you're gonna be extinct within 5 years. None of my friends shop on your website. all your consumers are 60+ when their retirement money runs out, so will all your profits!!!!!!!

I have worst ebay experience. Worst support or rather I will say no support at all. Rude Support guys. Easy for any vendor to cheat on ebay

I have been a TOP SELLER in both the United States and the UK.
Because of scamming buyers and the fact tracking wasn't available, some demanded full refund for non receipt. I offered to re-send product, but instead of responding, they just escalated to eBay.

And for this, 6 of these cases out of 670, eBay punished me by making my Global Seller Rating: Below Average. Just one case was actually in the global region, the rest were in the US/UK/Germany.

I thought it won't matter since I was still a TOP SELLER in the US & UK. WROOOONG

I started selling on eBay again, subscribed to an eBay store subscription and to my HORROR I saw no one was even finding my listings!!! I couldn't find them in search either!!!

eBay support repeteadly said BOGUS reasons, that it's because I'm searching my own listings, because people from other regions see other results, but that's NOT IT! Before I could find them!

TURNS OUT just because my global seller status dropped below average, not only no one from worldwide can see my listings in search results, BUT NO ONE FROM THE REGIONS I STILL HAVE TOP SELLER STATUS CAN FIND MY LISTINGS EITHER !!!!

EBAY INTENTIONALLY SABOTAGED AND CENSORED MY LISTINGS WITHOUT EVEN INFORMING ME BEFORE NOT ONLY PAYING $$$$ FOR MANY EBAY LISTING FEATURES TO BE SHOWN EVERYWHERE, BUT NOT EVEN INFORMING ME NO ONE WILL BE ABLE TO FIND MY LISTINGS BEFORE SUBSCRIBING TO THEIR STORE SUBSCRIPTION !!!!!

I tried everything, contacted them over x20 times ... NOTHING!!!! It's like they intentionally want to sabotage us!

I tried to cancel the eBay store subscription and to my HORROR it wanted to charge me $94 for early termination fee !!!! FOR WHAT ?!?!?! THEY ALREADY CHARGED US $20 FOR A STORE THAT IS CENSORED AND HIDDEN AND BASICALLY FOR A SERVICE NOT PROVIDED !!!!!!!!

I contacted Support to cancel the early termination fee, and support said to cancel my subscription and have my account charged $94 and to contacted them again for a refund.
When I contacted them for a refund, they said I'd have to wait until next month when the invoice arrives, to "try and request a crediting of my account and hope it gets approved" .... TO TRY AND REQUEST ?!?!? As if it's at their discretion to commit fraud and theft for services not provided ?!?!?!?!?
I contacted them next month, they didn't reply, had to pester them and eventually told me they're sorry they can't refund me anything because my account has been credited last month, when in fact ebay support specifically said they won't credit me anything for my listing fees for listings which were censored intentionally without informing me before hand !!
And after that they dared to say "we value your business and as an eBay seller" and wishing me good health ---- simply outrageous and insulting !!
So what happened: Even though support said they won't credit me anything for the listing fees, seems someone intentionally credited my account without informing me a measly $0.61 (61 cents) just so they'd have an excuse not to refund the illegally and fraudulently charge of $94 for an early termination fee of an eBay store that was CENSORED and useless TO BEGIN WITH !!!

eBay fraudulently charged me $114 for services which they intentionally DID NOT PROVIDE !!!

eBay sabotaged my business and nearly bankrupted me if it wasn't for Amazon ... killing my future and future businesses I would go and create.

eBay lied, stole and abused at every turn

eBay shouldn't have restricted my ability to sell in the US & UK regions since I still had and have top seller status there, or at least they should have informed me before hand !!!! BEFORE comitting to spend money!!!

I went to BBB to no avail, they're useless and eBay just gave me copy-paste templates. More so, I suspect going to BBB is what triggered them to intentionally sabotage me further by crediting my account with $0.61 just so they'd have an excuse not to refund the illegal charges.
They then proceeded to threats that if I don't pay they'll send collection agencies ...

They limited my account and put it on hold.

I paid their fraudulent $117 charge (they put penalties on it) and asked for my account to be reinstated. I asked when will my global seller rating be reset.

NO RESPONSE WHAT-SO-EVER. THEY STOLE MY MONEY AND BURIED ME TO THE GROUND!

I swear, because of this, I'll make it one of my life's purpose to see this thieving and fraudulent company burned into the ground, along with everyone that was complicit to this sabotage, from support members to key people that put such illegal policies into place brought to justice.

And I urge everyone to do the same, everyone who's ever been wronged by eBay, to stand up and bring it to justice! To expose eBay for the thieving, fraudulent, mafia-like monster that it is!

And now my hand twitches uncontrollably due to the levels of stress, outrage and anger these scms have subjected me to.

Sold a working watch band was broke clearly stated it in my listing buyer opens a return says watch don't work wants refund stated in my listing no refunds long story short eBay sided with buyer got refund and kept my 300 dollar Movado watch eBay could care less bout there sellers

They use to be a great place to buy from online, however now eBay got to many scammers on their website. It is hard to find witch sellers are trustworthy and witch ones isn't.

Ebay is great when everything goes completely perfect but in the world of reality that doesn't always happen. We had a buyer who wanted to return an item even though it was a no return item which was discounted down about 60%. The item was above the listed quality and the buyers allegations were above ridiculous. Ebay went in their favor and had me refund them and I ended up losing almost $100 in shipping and marked down cost. Ebay was impossible to work with because after the deal they kept saying the money was not refunded even after I had been. So even after contacting them numerous times and them saying that it was fixed it wasn't. So I am unable to close my account because it says I owe them money. So now they suspended my account which all I want them to do is cancel my account so I can be done with this shady operation. They are so incompetent!

The restrict your accountant waste your time on this site. I just started selling in this site and this company has made it a nightmare with no explanations.

I was overjoyed when i was able to use my device that was blacklisted by at&t as a result of inpaid bills. A seller by name: siralexlpunlocks did the magic for me. Am so happy to broadcast this good news. I promised to help him broadcast this fantastic service.Below is the link to the sellers listing:

Purchased item from vendor. eBay let them play email games till it was to late to get money back even thought they had 6 bad reviews for product from same vendor. Even started taking down bad reviews for vendor
Bruger meget ebay til at bestille ting og sager man ikke vidste man kunne undvære. Er dog blevet snydt en del gange derinde, så derfor tjek altid sælgeren om hans vurderinger og hvor langtid medlemmet har eksisteret som bruger. De har heldigvis en Ebay money back garanti, så pengene fås altid igen.

Der kan købes alt, og den funktion bruger jeg ofte.

Excellent!!!

selling limits - restricted to only business owners mehhhh

likes to cancel auctions with out any valid reasons

poor customer service - no emails, no contacts

full of over priced opportunists e.g.. LV x supreme.....

--------------------------------------------------------------

managed to submit necessary documents to increase the selling limit....

i've to admit eBay is still one of the most visited auction sites

Dream company to work for IT employee. I feel safe, secured and respected as ebay employee. It was ultimate experience.

I use it every day (buyer), if you pay with paypal you'll be ok just be aware from which seller you buy.

get-your-iptv-and-android-boxs-from-ebay-

Suspendieron mi cuenta de Ebay.com , que tenia desde hace 6 anios, trate de comunicarme y no les interesa ayudar a un cliente que no habla ingles.
Realmente una combinacion de groseria , desinteres y mala atencion.

Ebay behandler deres kunder som L... Sender en besked som en kunde har modtaget fra svinder forsendelses firmaet Pitney Bows i en mail til en sælger fordi jeg vil have han sender med nogle andre. Så blokere Ebay min mulighed for at skrive til sælgeren i en uge fordi de mener jeg vil købe uden om Ebay hvilket er nonsens og så varen naturligvis solgt til en anden. Ebay er simpelhen et mega skod firma!

Hvis du overvejer at købe hos Ebay.com vil jeg anbefale at søge på youtube for videoer omkring forsendelses svindler firmaet Pitney Bows Global shipping program.

Very very bad for sellers

I use eBay everyday, because they are the cheapest when things go wrong, you're on your own

Not bad for purchases, but a rip-off if you are selling :(

EBAY: CHANGE "MINIMUM PRICES" TO "MAXIMUM PRICES" IN SEARCH RESULTS

Too many sellers are advertising their products with one price, however, when you click on the ad, the advertised price refers to another product, which has nothing to do with the actual product in the advertisement.

Example:
A shoe advertisement with one price suddenly has a higher price, because one of the items listed under size/version is not a pair of shoes, but of pair of socks.
And this goes on and on in thousands of advertisements on ebay.

Please weed out all these advertisements with false prices and/or make it easy for buyers to alert ebay admins on each page about this problem.

Solution: include the maximum price in search results instead of the current minimum price.

I love eBay. recently I bought some archery arrows (12pcs Turkey Feather Handmade Bamboo Shaft Arrows) that were made very well and they are so strong and light that they are perfect for me. The service given whilst buying them was also good and helped me to find what I was looking for. shipping was quick and efficient.

Jeg har handlet en del på Ebay men ALDRIG mere. Ebay er fuldstændig ligeglade med etik og moral og har opstillet en organisation der kun beskytter deres sælgere og som ikke, i deres sagsbehandling, læser eller tager hensyn til fakta. Har beviser på, at jeg i min sidste tvist med sælger er blevet svindlet. Og Ebay griber ikke ind. Jeg vil opfordre ALLE til skyndsomt at lukke deres konto på Ebay og selv det tager 60 dage.

Oh my I use the eBay.com app all the Tim

Useless customer support. They make it as difficult as possible to sell when you make a slight mistake. No help in sorting my issue just keep repeating same thing over and over.

I usually buy on Ebay, and I must say that this site has allowed me to find many things I couldn't get anywhere else. Buyer protection is, let's say average, since it has always been Paypal what has protected me from scammers and bad deals. Yet, if you want to sell something, things are much different. Only if you are a professional you can get a margin, If not, just by posting your ad you are loosing money, and if you include pictures too. The worst of all, is that you have to be able to sell the item or you'll have to pay for the advert again. If you are not a professional, it's much better to sell in collectors' sites.

Never try to sell anything on EBay!

Because of them, I've lost over $160 because of terrible policies, terrible customer service, and ridiculous fees. Have been a buyer for 10 years. I'm closing my account because of this.

Fun fact everyone, if you just SAY that a product is defective, the buyer cant decline it or do anything about it. Customer service will advise you incorrectly then their escalations team will tell you that because you're not a commercial seller, that you have no seller protection.

If you dont like your product, dont want it, or just because you feel like it, submit a refund request and say the item is defective. You'll rip off the seller and make out like a bandit. That's what happened to me

Excellent Service

Great Company!

VARNING FÖR ATT KÖPA PÅ EBAY.Köpte vara på eBay med all deras garanti. Varorna kom inte och dom hjälper inte till

It's good but it should be better!

My experience with Ebay was wonderful .They refunded my money when I did not receive my purchase even when the seller did not respond and was no help .This is the way all companies should treat their customers.

Not so much happy with my eBay experience. But overall, good enough avenue for finding things I need online.

When everything goes fine it's all great but I had quite a few bad experiences with some sellers which resulted with even worst experiences with eBay's support to back me up.
I never was a seller so I can only speak about my purchasing experience.
They sell a bit of everything from everyone and over the years I learned who to buy from and who to stay away. I still make the occasional mistake but that's a risk I know I'm taking.
Overall, it's a great marketplace especially for old stuff - for example, purchasing a VCR just because I tossed mine away years ago and needed to see some video tapes I had in the attic. For new products I still prefer to purchase them on stores or online on amazon. Trusting strangers to sell me things I can get with a higher degree of trust somewhere else isn't worth the risk.
The 2 starts is because their support isn't that friendly and they made me almost every time go through loops to try to make me step down and quit the complaint.
It serves its purpose in an excellent way... until something goes wrong.

Was able to receive my phone case after 2 weeks. I'm glad our local mailman did not lost it. Thank you :)

I used the website for years. It's a shame that ebay sends a label and even following all the procedures suggested online "they" cannot trace it. Good website to buy until you have a problem. On that day you are on your own. If contacting the buyer it's impossible, ebay will do nothing to help.

Modtager pludselig en mail, hvor en sælger på Ebay skriver tak for købet og prisen ( ca. 215) vil blive hævet via PayPal.

Skriver til sælger og Ebay, at det må være en fejl, har ikke bestilt noget, er på ferie og har slet ikke været i nærheden af noget Internet på det tidspunkt.
Skriver til Paypal, at de ikke skal betale varen og at jeg for øvrigt ikke kan komme ind på min konto. Får et svar tilbage om at jeg kan logge ind på min konto og læse svaret. HVOR TÅBELIGT.

Varen bliver betalt og da jeg kommer hjem, ringer jeg til Paypal Danmark, som siger, det ikke er deres transaktion.
Siger, lettere irriteret, at der altså står deres navn ud for de hævede penge og får så at vide, at en sælger, bare kan oprette en midlertidig konto hos dem og så kan pengene hæves gennem dem.
Er målløs og vred, det ligger da lige til højre benet på en svindler, hvor svært kan det så være for dem.
Ved at Paypal ikke har givet nogen mine visa kort oplysninger, fordi de ikke har dem, så det kan kun være Ebay, hvor jeg sagde ja, da de ville gemme mine kort oplysninger, stolede på, de ikke ville misbruge dem, men er så blevet det klogere.

De skrev at nogen måtte have brugt mine oplysninger, men NEJ – havde lige skiftet kodeord til Ebay og hvis nogen havde stjålet mine Visa kort oplysninger, ville de da have bestilt en masse – ikke kun et PC spil.
Og først lige skiftet Visa kort her 2 måneder efter.

Skrev også til Ebay kunde service og fik en mail med et tlf. nummer og tænkte, det nok var et gratis nummer, men nej, det kostede mig lige 85 kr. og alt jeg fik ud af det var, at de sagde, de ville oprette en sag, har siden mødt folk, der smiler, de siger den ryger lige i papirkurven lige efter, har de nok ret i, har endnu intet hørt efter 2 måneder.
Mangler også stadig nogle varer, bestilt for 3 måneder siden.

Så min tillid til Ebay ligger på et lille sted.

Hilsen Per

Never had a problem with eBay. Whenever an item hasn't went to plan they are quick enough to resolve the situation. Wish other companies were as good as them.

I really don't know what to think about ebay because i had both ugly and great experiences. You have to be really careful when buying items. Make sure you do a good research before you buy anything

Someone hacked my eBay account and despite the fact that they were in a hurry to make wild purchases and didn't speak English like I do (the person who actually owned the account) and described themselves as a man trying to buy eBay reviews for their wife (I am a woman!) eBay allowed all the transactions to go through. I even messaged the seller to stop! I closed the damn account. EBay clearly has ZERO security measures. Then the company said they were launching an investigation, this happened a few months ago and to THIS DAY nothing was actually being done. EBay just wanted their cut of the purchases and did absolutely nothing about everything, had I not specifically told them to close my account I'd be a victim of burglary to this day. Awful. I wouldn't recommend ANYONE join this cite. They have no security, and don't give a crap about the customers who get screwed over daily. If anyone you care about is on that website I'd recommend you tell them to shut down their account.

its okay lots of cheap sutff but some overprice

Ebay provides very good services.

Too many restrictive nanny tools and too many hidden fees. Really not worth it to list items on Ebay. You end up getting charged as much as at a physical auction house. Goodbye Ebay. Never again.

Очень хороший интернет магазин. Все есть, удобно!

wonderful
i've been a user for almots 18 years with more than 1500 purchases from all over the world !
stunning
problem free
long life to EBAY

Good solution, but reviews need more enhancements

I have had the chance to purchase several items off of eBay. Most of the times, the service has been satisfactory. What I've never been able to understand is why the bidding process often automatically outbids the highest bidder. It is obvious it is an auto occurrence, but is it all about not meeting the minimum asking price? Surely there should be a better way of handling that, no?

Always cheap products from all over the world!

Lost 67,49 €. Buyer protection is non-existent. Never again (obviously).

Sale fils de puta vous ne faites que mentir sur cos commandes. Achat depuis plus de deux semaines je n’ai pas encore cela. Et la date d’expira Est expirée depuis la première semaine, et je n’ai toujours pas été remboursé. Sale fils de puta. Mauvais site 🖕🏿🖕🏿🖕🏿🖕🏿

ebay provides best mobile covers. Happy with it.

I buy stuff on eBay and all deliver except one. But time, while you wait for delivery, is so large

Never buy your stuff from here! You wont recieve it!!
Wasted about 650 DKK, which is around 110 Dollars!
Amazon never failed me though!

Great for buying collectibles.

Excellent website.

I am using eBay very frequently and I have never had any problems with eBay themself, just some sellers. I have heard that if there is any problems they will give you a refund nearly right away.

Good online webshopping site!


I really like with using Ebay, salesmen are very neighbourly and responsive

Originally I trusted eBay to sell an iPhone I had because I figured they were a huge reliable and professional service but I was wrong. I sold my item for $400 and paid eBay their fee that they immediately requested even though I still hadn't gotten paid my money. I checked my PayPal account and it showed the payment was pending. I also thought PayPal was a reliable service to check that the funds were coming from a legitimate bank account so I sent the phone to the buyer. I did everything I was required to do. In the end, after the phone was delivered to this buyer, PayPal cancelled the payment due to me and eBay told me there was nothing they could do either. I basically got scammed by both of these so-called professional services.

Buying here for years and never had any problems. If not to mention the delivery time which sometimes can take a few weeks it’s a perfect shopping site.


I HAVE BEEN BUYING FROM EBAY FOR YEARS AND SAVING LOTS OF MONEY. ALOT OF STUFF I HAVE BOUGHT IS HARD TO FIND OR EVEN RARE. ONLY HAD 1 DELIVERY PROBLEM= I ORDERED A DVD FROM A NEW ZEALAND MERCHANT AND ... IT NEVER ARRIVED! AFTER A COUPLE OF CALLS AND COMPLAINT EMAILS, CUSTOMER SERVICE ISSUED A REFUND.

Use with caution. Ebay is a great way to get items cheap, but you can also get scammed as well. Because they use PayPal as their middle man for payment, and PayPal is a terrible service, Ebay will make it difficult to get your refund back if the item in question is not what you ordered/described. Also, this works both ways as a seller and buyer. Use at your own risk!

Over the last 6 months or so I have received quite suddenly notice that my Password is not recognised. Over literally dozens of times this is not corrected on line. Eventually I speak to a girl I can barely understand ,she eventually gets me back on line. Nest time I might log in/might not.
Currently I can do nothing. I get a string of verification codes. no comment just another code. I have sent them my phone number but I hear nothing from the faceless,gutless bast. They are losing business I have items listed for sale. I am buggered. I just want an English speaking accent free man to talk with me and if necessary allow me to start from scratch using the same E Mail. I AM NOT changing that again

Just avoid if you wanna sell digital goods.

For selling items that can be tracked, ill put this score 2/5.

always great

Nice and awesome products

Terrible. I buy and sell rare coins. About 10% of their sellers peddle fake coins. Ebay doesn't care or protect. I spend half my life on the phone with ebay and their incompetent partners paypal and USPS. It's a daily mess. Their fees are a joke. They sent all their jobs overseas. You will endure transfer after transfer from one incompetent rep to another and they do not protect the buyers. I get about 1 fake per week and they insist I send the coin back to the con artist selling them so he can do it again. It's a nightmare. The federal trade commission should shut them down as well as the ttc. This company is a first class scam. They are ripping off people daily. They also read your emails, private messages, etc. I will be calling the federal trade commission and I think everyone should. It's time to shut them down.

Been using ebay for years and has been Really good. But apparently all good things must come to an end. After recieving and item that is not as described and useless too Me. And seller wont work with Me. I contact ebay support. Several times i get asked to send documentation. Several times i do so. In the end i make screenshots of all allready being uploaded to ebay and visible in the case history.
Just to get the answer that case has been closed and all just to bad for me. Been using ebay because it Was suppose to be safe But Big mistake and cost me more than 2000 DKK plus additionally 3000 DKK too the garage for fitting the correct item that Also needed too pay additionally. I complain and show all proof again. But like an automated machine just keep Getting the same answer. No materiale recieved.

I Also use wish ALOT and one Got a camera that i could not make work. I ask i am doing something wrong. They quickly reply my money is being returned. I answer that i dont Think anything is wrong and politely ask Them to stop the refund and give it some time. Meanwhile i Was told my micro sd card Was too Big. I Then write this to wish. They just write Me that They hope it is only problem and refund money anyway. Dont Wanna get cheated But for sure never cheat anyone!

Oplevelsen var lige så god som underholdning for vi verdens hårdeste bananer/verdens rigtigste mænd som f.eks. ANAL CUNT MORBID FLORIST på YOUTUBE.....syng med!

I've been a customer of ebay for years and find it to mostly be a simple inexpensive process but in the last year I have had a few experiences that have been unpleasant. The 1st incident involved a difficult seller sending a defective item and after 2 weeks of seemingly smooth communication where we came to an agreement, the seller asked for a positive review before returning my money and never returned my money. The next 2 were both issues with The ebay app and customer service. The 2nd incident was when my ebay account was hacked according to what I saw on the app. Customer service was contacted and notified that there were multiple changes unknowingly made on my account such as the shipping address and phone number were different from mine. There were also multiple searches that were very different from anything I would've or had searched. However, ebay customer service was oblivious to what was happening saying they couldn't see any of these attempts on someones part to hack my account. It took 3 days if my persistence with customer service to get complete resolution. The last incident occurred when the app was glitching. Specifically, my cart of 2 inexpensive items were cleared out when it was time for me to check out. So I had to re enter the items 2 times because it happened twice. When I checked out I was sure to check that I was only purchasing the 2 items I wanted and not multiples. Once I completed the purchase I received a confirmation email confirming that I purchased the 2 items. 2 days later I checked my bank account and learned that I was double charged. I contacted ebay customer service to explain the issue in hopes of their resolution. They were once again unaware of what I was saying saying they see I purchased 4 item(2 of each). I assured them that it must've been a mistake because I received a confirmation email from then saying I only purchased 2 items. I spoke with a representative and a supervisor who both wanted me to contact the 2 sellers and explain it to them what happened since the items were being shipped. I have been with ebay long enough to know that this is their way of making this my fault. So, I asked if they (ebay) could just stop the 2nd set of items from being shipped and charged since it was a system issue. I also let then know realistically it can take weeks to get resolution through sellers and sometimes sellers can be difficult to communicate with and who would pay for the shipping. Furthermore, my attempts to resolve this issue was to contact ebay directly because it was NOT my fault nor the sellers. Ebay said they couldnt help with the issue and I would have to pay for the shipping. Really?!? I didn't order double items and never expected to be double charged so why would I be responsible for paying for the return shipping. The supervisor again said it would be my responsibility to contact the seller and explain the issue to them and return them. Before 2017, my experience with ebay was fine but after these series of events especially the last one, I will discontinue my business with ebay and shop elsewhere where I am appreciated and treated with respect. Not blamed and made to be responsible for things I didn't do or spend hours of time attempting to resolve miniscule problems.

I have been a TOP SELLER in both the United States and the UK.
Because of scamming buyers and the fact tracking wasn't available, some demanded full refund for non receipt. I offered to re-send product, but instead of responding, they just escalated to eBay.

And for this, 6 of these cases out of 670, eBay punished me by making my Global Seller Rating: Below Average. Just one case was actually in the global region, the rest were in the US/UK/Germany.

I thought it won't matter since I was still a TOP SELLER in the US & UK. WROOOONG

I started selling on eBay again, subscribed to an eBay store subscription and to my HORROR I saw no one was even finding my listings!!! I couldn't find them in search either!!!

eBay support repeteadly said BOGUS reasons, that it's because I'm searching my own listings, because people from other regions see other results, but that's NOT IT! Before I could find them!

TURNS OUT just because my global seller status dropped below average, not only no one from worldwide can see my listings in search results, BUT NO ONE FROM THE REGIONS I STILL HAVE TOP SELLER STATUS CAN FIND MY LISTINGS EITHER !!!!

EBAY INTENTIONALLY SABOTAGED AND CENSORED MY LISTINGS WITHOUT EVEN INFORMING ME BEFORE NOT ONLY PAYING $$$$ FOR MANY EBAY LISTING FEATURES TO BE SHOWN EVERYWHERE, BUT NOT EVEN INFORMING ME NO ONE WILL BE ABLE TO FIND MY LISTINGS BEFORE SUBSCRIBING TO THEIR STORE SUBSCRIPTION !!!!!

I tried everything, contacted them over x20 times ... NOTHING!!!! It's like they intentionally want to sabotage us!

I tried to cancel the eBay store subscription and to my HORROR it wanted to charge me $94 for early termination fee !!!! FOR WHAT ?!?!?! THEY ALREADY CHARGED US $20 FOR A STORE THAT IS CENSORED AND HIDDEN AND BASICALLY FOR A SERVICE NOT PROVIDED !!!!!!!!

•	I contacted Support to cancel the early termination fee, and support said to cancel my subscription and have my account charged $94 and to contacted them again for a refund.
•	When I contacted them for a refund, they said I'd have to wait until next month when the invoice arrives, to "try and request a crediting of my account and hope it gets approved" .... TO TRY AND REQUEST ?!?!? As if it's at their discretion to commit fraud and theft for services not provided ?!?!?!?!?
•	I contacted them next month, they didn't reply, had to pester them and eventually told me they're sorry they can't refund me anything because my account has been credited last month, when in fact ebay support specifically said they won't credit me anything for my listing fees for listings which were censored intentionally without informing me before hand !!
And after that they dared to say "we value your business and as an eBay seller" and wishing me good health ---- simply outrageous and insulting !!
So what happened: Even though support said they won't credit me anything for the listing fees, seems someone intentionally credited my account without informing me a measly $0.61 (61 cents) just so they'd have an excuse not to refund the illegally and fraudulently charge of $94 for an early termination fee of an eBay store that was CENSORED and useless TO BEGIN WITH !!!

eBay fraudulently charged me $114 for services which they intentionally DID NOT PROVIDE !!!

eBay sabotaged my business and nearly bankrupted me if it wasn't for Amazon ... killing my future and future businesses I would go and create.

eBay lied, stole and abused at every turn

eBay shouldn't have restricted my ability to sell in the US & UK regions since I still had and have top seller status there, or at least they should have informed me before hand !!!! BEFORE comitting to spend money!!!

•	I went to BBB to no avail, they're useless and eBay just gave me copy-paste templates. More so, I suspect going to BBB is what triggered them to intentionally sabotage me further by crediting my account with $0.61 just so they'd have an excuse not to refund the illegal charges.
•	They then proceeded to threats that if I don't pay they'll send collection agencies ...

•	They limited my account and put it on hold.

•	I paid their fraudulent $117 charge (they put penalties on it) and asked for my account to be reinstated. I asked when will my global seller rating be reset.

•	NO RESPONSE WHAT-SO-EVER. THEY STOLE MY MONEY AND BURIED ME TO THE GROUND!

I swear, because of this, I'll make it one of my life's purpose to see this thieving and fraudulent company burned into the ground, along with everyone that was complicit to this sabotage, from support members to key people that put such illegal policies into place brought to justice.

And I urge everyone to do the same, everyone who's ever been wronged by eBay, to stand up and bring it to justice! To expose eBay for the thieving, fraudulent, mafia-like monster that it is!

And now my hand twitches uncontrollably due to the levels of stress, outrage and anger these scms have subjected me to.

Ebay is a good website to get cheap used items however lately the auction process makes products to end up becoming more expensive than what is obtainable from craiglist and other peer to peer sellings sites

I'll been purchasing on Ebay for the last 5 years but recently I noticed the product I received is a knock-off to bad.....

Cheap prices and good quality . You should buy from top rated sellers.

Never had problems with eBay.

Be very careful! I have been both satisfied and disappointed with ebay! I would say 50:50! Online shopping is a very risky business.

The number of times I've been cheated on this site - fake products purporting to be genuine, buyers who never send money. Sellers who never send products. Arrogant customer service operatives in Philippines who talk over you. I don't touch ebay anymore - I'd rather pay more elsewhere and get what I ask for

I like the way they have not changed much on the website since when it came out and it is easier to use then craigs list.
