LetGo is Craigs List bastard cousin! Most of the people that are selling items are hooked on Opioids.

Don't waste your time. My husband tried after they dropped my ad,after 12 hrs. ,dropped his as well. Offering new items, looks like they are a scam.

Got a brick iPhone. Letgo is no help!!! No recouse. no support. the sellers are virtually anonymous.

I've sold brand new items with a lot of detail and pictures. Most still in boxes and still selling in stores. I just don't have my receipt to return them and the only offers Ive gotten from EVERY customer is a FRACTION of its worth. And I've already lowered the prices but half of what I paid just to get them selling. STILL people offer $10 for an item I mark for $75, that's in stores for $150. And I tell them its barely used or new in box and still!!! UUUUGGH then they make ME feel like the idiot.

I have sold several small, low-priced items thru this app (about $30 per sale on average.) I'm reviewing as a seller, as I have never been a buyer on this site. Overall, it's fairly straightforward, and if you're serious and do make your messages and intentions to the interested parties clear and fast, you'll probably sell at least some of your stuff some of the time. I did. One major complaint: you can't stop the crazies and the flakes. I had a woman named Gertrude Salli make an agreement to purchase an item only to flake out 20 mins prior to our meeting time. Then, after messaging me about her sudden flake-out, she blocked me from contacting her, totally without reason or provocation!!! I hadn't even complained to her when she canceled our meeting! She blocked me simply to prevent me from giving her a well-deserved low rating. I reported her total misuse of the blocking feature, as well as her flakiness. You'll come across a lot of these types of folks on letgo, I'm sorry to say. You may have some luck on this app, but whatever you do, avoid the seller Gertrude Salli for certain.

I have sold several small, low-priced items thru this app (about $30 per sale on average.) I'm reviewing as a seller, as I have never been a buyer on this site. Overall, it's fairly straightforward, and if you're serious and do make your messages and intentions to the interested parties clear and fast, you'll probably sell at least some of your stuff some of the time. I did. One major complaint: you can't stop the crazies and the flakes. I had a woman named Gertrude Salli make an agreement to purchase an item only to flake out 20 mins prior to our meeting time. Then, after messaging me about her sudden flake-out, she blocked me from contacting her, totally without reason or provocation!!! I hadn't even complained to her when she canceled our meeting! She blocked me simply to prevent me from giving her a well-deserved low rating. I reported her total misuse of the blocking feature, as well as her flakiness. You'll come across a lot of these types of folks on letgo, I'm sorry to say. You may have some luck on this app, but whatever you do, avoid the seller Gertrude Salli for certain.

Found what I wanted,contacted seller,she asked my address, the web page went frozen, so I or olost my item.

I wasted a lot of time creating adds on letgo. I have not sold a single item through letgo and they delete your adds without good reason. I created one add for a couch and one for a love seat - originally I worded them similarly and they deleted the couch add saying it was a duplicate. I then recreated the couch add being very careful to word it very different, they then deleted my loveseat add saying again it was a duplicate. t
This all happened while I was moving and had to sell things quickly - what a waste of time. Try Offerup, the app works much better and things actually sell on their site

i post an item on this app try it out all i get is scammer texting me all day WTF what kind of app is this?

Hard to found something,most sellers are retailers,others never answers,never has price,bunch of junk

First, let's get something out of the way. I'm a skeptic's skeptic. If an individual/ business/ org/ site/ process/ program/ app is full of $#*!, they'll never pass my sniff test. When I read some of the reviews below was not surprised. No matter if it's Amazon, eBay, Craigslist, Letgo or any other site, many millions of American consumers lack common sense and good judgement. Consequently, they end as victims and unwilling participants in all sorts of online shenanigans. Chances are better than excellent that if they got screwed on Letgo it was at least partly their own fault.

Now about Letgo.

The Good:
I've now listed several dozen items on Letgo from our garage and attic. We even listed items during our recent tag sale. The app is fairly simple to use. Posting is relatively quick and easy. It's also fairly simple to communicate via messaging in the app. The rating system is basic and a nice idea, but many people have not or have never better rates so it isn't all that useful just yet.

We have sold at least a dozen items now faster than Craigslist (same item listed both places, same time) and faster than at tag sales. Not too shabby.

The idiots who complain about lack of cell information aren't the brightest bulbs. Who the hell gives out their phone number unnecessarily? Use common sense.

The Bad:
Developers apparently thought users would be so incredibly lazy as to need quick reply buttons with preset phrases and no 2-step process of select and send. They placed these red buttons directly above the keyboard where users can easily accidentally press them. As a result, you'll occasionally send "quick" messages to users which you did not intend to send. And you'll send a couple more messages apologizing for the error....thus rendering these buttons an inconvenient pain in the ass. For large fingered individuals such as myself, this happens often even when taking great care. Those buttons need to go.

Next, categories. Letgo lacks a decent set of categories. Too fee and too specific. Consequently, you are forced to put your automotive tools into a stupid unrelated category such as Home & Garden. Was it really that difficult for the developers to visit Craigslist just to see and then recreate its basic but effective list of categories? It isn't a patentable feature. There is no excuse.

Next, changing ad titles. Apparently someone somewhere in Letgo Land has been authorized to fck with your ad titles. That's right....shortly after you submit your ad, some schmuck somewhere at Letgo decides what *s/he* wants to call your ad...and they edit your ad title without your permission. Often making it too generic to be useful. Fortunately you have the ability to change the title back to whatever you had previously. It's annoying, Letgo Overlords. Cut the bullsht.

Next, bullsht buyers. Unfortunately, you'll encounter asshles everywhere you go. They exist on Letgo too. We've encountered idiots who attempt to bully people into selling.That's right...they actually think they can pressure you into taking their shtty lowball offers. They'll also ask questions that had been clearly answered in the ad...because these lazy ass morons never read the ads before contacting sellers. Then there are the always-pleasant buyers who ask a thousand questions, expect immediate answers and never follow through. To be fair this is a problem with Craigslist buyers too.

The Ugly:
It appears Letgo *may* be using fake accounts to generate a false impression of interest in an effort to get people to sell/stay on their app.

It's a tactic straight out of the online dating industry. Fake accounts that interact with users in an attempt to eventually upsell them from free to paid services.

When you wonder why, over the next several months, hundreds of Letgo "users" favorite your items without once inquiring about them, or attempting to make an offer...you'll understand why I believe this might be true. I could be wrong. There could be hundreds of people who simply favorite items that they might like and never follow through with inquiring about them for any number of reasons. Time will tell, but if at some point it is revealed that Letgo used fake accounts to generate interest...you read it here first!

Lastly, the user interface is poorly organized for browsing. Letgo should implement better filtering. Until then you'll be forced to scroll through hundreds of shtty ads for utterly useless stuff in an attempt to find what you want.

So, folks, that is my initial take. Some good, some not. With a little patience, a little caution and some common sense, Letgo isn't bad. It's another app to add to your list of apps where you can quickly buy and sell crap as needed.

I dislike this app, deal with 3 phones, when driving to the location to meet them, none of them showed up. After that, they gave either good excuses or silent.
Waste of my time and effort to drive there...

I was not sure about this app. but took a chance and listed my apt. size washer and dryer. The same day a man responded for information, we went back and forth with questions and answers.I was honest about the unit, the dryer did not working correctly. Within the hour the man pulled up in front of my home, cash in hand, loaded the unit on his pickup truck and we said goodbye. I dance around the house for a while, it felt great. I feel bad for your experience but if others want to try it, I am a witness! Letgo is not fake!

Why? You cant contact users via a cell phone. This is the worst feature ever. Who sits around with an app opened just waiting to get a response. If I am allowed to put my cell phone then the buyer can text me ASAP to buy my item. I literally hate this app. Also they have the quick click phases that makes it easy for buyers to click silly request such as is this item available I got this request as soon as I posted, within minutes... I hate this app.
.

This little punk named: Colin Sold me a coin slot machine that did not work he said it worked just fine. I will never buy anything off offer up without actually seeing at work. He was a real scum of the earth!!. I guess I come from an old school where you trust people and doing business the proper way but this little punk needs his ass kicked !!!!!!!!!
G.P
Indianapolis Indiana

Buyer beware you will definitely come across a bunch of lowlifes on this website they will definitely rip you off if you do not adhere to all the rules of letgo for example do not send checks for as little as $15 they will rip you off careful of them sending you checks to cash for them and keep an extra 50 or $100 for yourself just send them the rest of the money that's an old scam but they used it on letgo again the website is really good for getting rid of stuff that's too big but still has some value left in it definitely worthwhile keep it local Cod don't trust anybody

Let go like other sites attracts some idiots. The kind of people who get kicks wasting other people's time. My way of dealing with anyone on Let go, CL, or any other freebie advertising site is as follows. First of all there is no magic formula for dealing with idiots who want to waste your time. I try to add as much info as possible in the item description. I always state my price is firm, no trades, no low ball offers. Of course some morons ignore the info and ask stupid questions regardless. For those people I generally delete the chat and block if possible. Again no magic wand can eliminate all the idiots. As for meeting with potential buyers. My advice is to greatly limit how much time you are willing to waste. Small items you should always pick a busy public place. Preferably one with cameras. I have a Walmart very close to my house and it is perfect for meeting people. If you have a shady buyer, it is a pretty good deterant when they are aware of heavy foot traffic and everything is on camera. Dont let yourself be talked into a different meet point. If the buyer really wants your stuff, they will find a way to get there. When I have a potential buyer. I always use my designated meeting spot. Your ideal spot should be 3 to 5 minutes from home. I give the buyer 5 minutes extra time to show up and then I'm gone. This limits my wasted time to 10 minutes or less and virtually zero drive time and wasted gas. I'm aware that some sellers may be tight on funds and there for think they need to accommodate the buyers wishes on location. Trying to be the nice seller who meets halfway or even takes the item to the buyer is going to result in massive time wastage at best, and serious problems at worst. Remember just because the buyer said they will meet you. Your deal isnt done until you have captured your full funds. They may no show you. They may make you drive out of your way and then low ball you figuring you will bend to make the sale. Not worth it in my eyes. Your dealing with strangers, flakes, lowballers, etc. Limit your loss of time from flakes and you will keep your sanity. Good luck.

The app is great, it's just most sellers not putting detail, price too high, and they expect results. Some sellers just not responding.
Buyers ask questions and when seller respond they don't reply. Some said they will come and never show up. Some trust no one, some never give phone #. I always give phone # to show sincerity. I once drove 1 1/2 hours and the seller wasn't home, It's not the app, it's the people using it!

I have listed several items and never got a responce until i complained then all i get it item still available. When i reply yes i never hear from them again. Plus one person thought i was in stocton when im in yuba city never heard from her again i really dont think this is real just a way to get info from people.

This App is horrible. There is no detail about the item being sold. Black and Red plugin device????? Really what is that. It is a simple App for simple people. Buy, Buy Letgo.

every single time I ask if its available or if I can still buy, the person will either mark it for sale right away or never respond. If im selling however, people will ask for me to drop my prices to ridiculously low prices, ask if they can have it for free or want to trade something like a $#*!ing pokemon card for an Xbox! Its crazy. The worst part is how it seems almost everyone says they will meet up but when they are supposed to, they never do and then never reply. Poole are trying to wast e your time.

I can list the things for sale but never are able to reply to any of the emails regarding the item, I don't see any comments or interest in said items, on my iphone or ipad or computer.

I've tried listing stuff on letgo, including a jacket I don't wear anymore, NFL apparel because I'm not a football fan, and my WWE necklaces. Here's the problem with letgo: People take forever and a day to respond or they don't respond at all, or they just waste your time. I'm using letgo to sell my stuff that I no longer want, not to play games with people and having my time wasted.

My advice is to sell your stuff on eBay or Craigslist. Letgo you should avoid like the plague.

I absolutely love this site. Just like craigslist or any other site you get out of it what you put into it. I find products I meet the folks I pay I pick up simple.

People trying to buy when they are trying to sell is just retarded I put brand new gray Jordan's someone wanted to buy so I took offer and I went to meet as soon as I met up and they looked at the shoes she said Oh I thought they were white when they look Gray on the picture it is ridiculous it's a joke I drove all the way to meet and that's what happens I think they were trying to do a jack move on me but I would have caught a case for beating her up for trying to steal from me she even met me by freeway sketchy right be careful on that parasite app it will attract pest

Might as well put garbage in here cause people want everything for free or wanna haggle all prices . Ive posted items that are worth 500 or better at half price and people have the nerve to offer half of half . Next time Ill post my trash or just stop using this site period .

Last week i am not allowed anymore to post and get messages on Letgo ! Ridiculous, i believe everyone is facing the same issue. Look for another app !

Omg where to start. This site, at least in my case attracts criminals and manipulators worse than Craigslist.

No one monitors properly when someone sells an item it will still be posted and to many ppl put items in free section that in fact are not free and never was intended to be e free.

Depends on what your looking for and what your selling. I have bought and got good results and good prices. I have meant some really nice people too. I had some bites on my products. Was left hanging once. Mostly I am satisfied and will continue use Letgo.

This thing is nothing but bots. At about the same time each night I get one or two queries about an item I have up for sale. Nothing more, no response after that. They are either paid employee's or scripted bots trying to make you think this app is active.

I have been pretty successful but primarily when I am selling things ready for the dump. I've noticed that is really what people are selling...lots of weird worthless crap.
I've sold lots of furniture at very reasonable prices because I know I don't want to work hard to get a booth and sell it myself at a flea market. If you analyze your options often the best is giving away free or reduce price. Then I get real interest and items are out of my life. It's possible that less success might mean you are unrealistic about how you are pricing things.

ridiculous waste of time! I'm going back to CL! At least you can dialog with the seller there. Letgo, you're fired!!!

We pay for a bump up. Its there for less than 20 minutes and the item we can't find the item.this is a rip off

I've tried to purchase a stove, a refrigerator, a fan, and kitchen supplies - to no avail. Either I get, "oh, it's already sold, but here's something else." Only to find out it's already sold also. I also say I'm interested and either no one replies or they tell me they are selling it for their father, brother, mother, boss ... and contact them. But if you're selling it for them, then why do I have to contact them in the first place. I ended up buying everything from Craigslist. Who knew Craigslist would be a hundred times easier.

I posted some tires for sale and noticed the only time I got a response was whrn I paid the $1.99 extra. I had several messages but no one ever responded after I answered them back. This happened like 8 times already!!! Very aggravated because I've spent $4.00 already trying to sell something on a free app!!!

Frustrating because, I requested "help" from the site as I couldn't reply to chat messages and all I got was a few robotic response, none were of any help in solving the issue!
Annoying because after numerous emails requesting that they have deleted my profile it remains as is.
A pointless service.

This site is a joke! Had every person not serious about my item for sale!! Will never use this site again!!!

People are contacting and if they don't like the price, they flag your item.
I posted few items that been marked as "SOLD" which I never marked them as sold and you cant change it, than if you want to repost it, it will discard your post due to duplication.
you better of taking your chances on craigslist.
I pot one star cause I have to mark one, but they don't deserve any!!!!

Of the many things I have tried to sell at fantastic prices all I get is lowballing asshats who bother me with "Is it still available" or they offer me HALF of what I am asking. They dont respond back when i say yes it's still available, come look. I even bump up my listing for 1.99 and that's a joke, it only moves it to the top of the list and only stays there until people list their stuff which is quite a lot of merchandise so you get bumped back down in no time. I learned my lesson after paying 2x. No more Let Go for me, they should rename it to Hold onto your stuff because people want your stuff for free

Setup is a nightmare, and very intrusive. Asks for too much information about location from the very start. I wrote them saying that they need to simplify the process to something more like Craigslist, where everything you need to add, edit or delete is at one spot. I found it a problem to have to reveal your specific location immediately. I did get a potential buyer, but could not hook up with that person because I registered Letgo at a PC, and the software did not sync to my tablet. I may try again, but probably will not now that I see from the other ratings most people agree with me in some way, shape or form.

Bunch of tire kickers. Kids and bums that would never be on the site if it wasnt in the phone when they bought them... I even post... First line "18+ and NO TRADES"..... Just fkn ignore me every time "I trade you a mountain bike" _ go kill yourself asshats

I have been on letgo for months and more than anything I get people that ask a question and no one answers back! Why is that happening? I came to the conclusion that letgo used he's employees to send messages to us "Sales people" to keep you thinking there's customer's in the other side interested in buying but "NO ONE ANSWERS BACK !! Now you can't delete your profile picture WHY??? I have someone sending messages interested but at the end nothing happens!!!

I posted a deer stand for sale or trade and took time and effort to get really good pictures of it and someone reported it immediately, although it is allowed to sell on letgo. Only firearms and "related" are not allowed. WASTE OF TIME. Only good thing to say about it is I had a few decent sales. But most people don't respond to a message or try to lowball the hell out of you.

I'm going to include some detail here, because I think that is necessary in order for people reading this review to get a clear sense of the issues that I have experienced with Letgo. I have some furniture that I need to sell, and was excited to learn about Letgo. I was selling a number of different pieces, which came as a set, but which I did not think I could sell as a set. So I posted each *different* piece, with photos and descriptions of each, (in other words, there was no way these pieces could be mistaken for each other.) In the text of each post I mentioned that the whole set could be purchased for less than purchasing each item individually.
After putting in a lot of time and effort to include great photos and a complete description of the pieces, I found that someone had almost immediately flagged me for supposedly fraudulent behavior -- apparently they didn't look closely, and decided that I had posted the same item multiple times. Okay, so I changed it to one post for the whole set, with an explanation that the items could also be purchased individually.
And then, having learned that lesson, I proceeded to do the same thing for an office set that I also need to sell, (posted it as one set, rather than offering the individual pieces.)
And finally, I posted a couch. Today, I received a couple of messages from an interested buyer. I replied, but was surprised to see that he was listed as being from New York, so I asked him about that, because I am not able to ship these items.
I mention these specifics, because I don't know what Letgo decided I'd done wrong this time, because they didn't bother to tell me, but the next thing I know, in the middle of this potential sale, without warning or explanation, Letgo apparently deleted my entire account.
I am left guessing as to the reason for this. Based on the fact that there are *two* warnings appended after the potential buyer's responses, warning me to "be careful when exchanging phone/email details", (we hadn't done so), and inviting me to block the potential buyer (why??), I am left guessing that some nasty person must have gone out of their way to flag me, (erroneously, as I never did post any item more than once), or that somehow my question about the general location of the potential buyer somehow broke some obscure rule.
My biggest issue is that I wasn't warned, explanations were not given, and after all the time I put into posting in good faith and with honest and careful detail, Letgo decided to terminate my account in the middle of a potential sale. A potential loss for both me and the buyer.
Really bad policies, Letgo. I am a legit and almost ridiculously rule-abiding poster, and if I could so easily fall afoul of your policies, then I stand as a warning to others.
I wasted more time trying to find answers to what had happened to my account, when I found that my account had apparently been deleted abruptly, (just one day after I posted my items), in part because I couldn't believe this had actually happened. And because I was in the middle of a potential sale.
But in the end, I realized I was just throwing good time after bad -- Letgo is a rotten apple, and after wasting much of my time, I found that it was just sucking up more.
My advice? Don't waste your time with Letgo!

Anthony Sims did not provide a physical home address. His cell phone was advertised as UNLOCKED. When I put my sim card the carrier I inserted was not supported. Please be aware that this is not good to have a not return policy. There are people that will do anything to unload a bad product that will destroy Letgo's reputation and will loose future business if they are for profit.
transaction that shows is 201.I lost $230. for a lousy iphone 5s.

I have bought and sold many time using the app. The only errors are human ones. Communication is key. Being polite even when someone doesn't appreciate what you have to sell pays off in less frustration and creates a positive future relationship for selling similar items. A very useful tool for selling jewelry, antiques, etc.

No one ever comes through. The automated response "is it still available? " hits your chat box 12 times a day and no one ever responds. If they do respond they lead you on for a day and a half wanting to meet and you never hear from them again. Only one person seemed particularly interested and kept trying to talk me down off a severely diminished price. The man insisted I was being an ass for a never opened item we bought for the kids and they didn't want, when we posted it for less than half store price. Terrible customers, no result.

There is scams with people who try to rip you off. Be careful when you attempt to do a car purchase, many people are dishonest. There are parties who use females/males as their negotiators. Recent experience with a Brisa Cisneros who lied on the title being clean, and it turned out to be a salvage vehicle.

Want something for nothing. Waste your time scheduling, reschedule expect you to drive to them for $5. Are they FC! I'll burn it first.

When used as intended, just fine. I have sold a few things to extremely fair and nice, personable people. They showed up on time and we exchanged item/$ then we all went about our business. However, I have also had quite a few people agree on a time and place to meet then never show up (WHAT is that about? Why bother and pretend to be interested in an item if you have no intention to show up?) which is an INCREDIBLE waste of my time and so rude, I have had a lady insist I take my item off because she was definitely going to come pick it up then block me (again, I was totally befuddled... Why? What was her endgame?), people agreeing to come pick up an item and never show..... and SO many people asking if something is available... Then never responding when I reply that it indeed is. And overall, people just want free sh*t..90% of the things I have gotten rid of through this was because it was free.. So.. occasionally works as intended. Mostly crappy experience.

I have purchased many item from Letgo and one Idiot seller reported me as a scammer because I asked to ship item cause he was far away shame that some are complete $#*!s as him.

There is an option to add more pictures, however, it rarely works for me to do so. Doesn't matter how many times I try. Until they fix it, use Offerup, I've never had an issue them.

I saw a single item that seemed more like a joke. After I opened the sellers item I started to get weird and inappropriate messages from what seemed to be the seller. The messages continued until I realized I could block them so I did. I haven't used app much sent from fear of the same. It seems there maybe users who want to be funny and most definitely are not. Just be ware that not everyone wants to sell some people want to be funny.

I posted a new garage door with full mechanisms for 200 dollars. And they said my post was not acceptable. What is wrong with them?

So furious! Used this app to sell my IPhone 6Plus and was robbed!!! Two teenage girls met with me instead of a man, that's the first red flag. They showed the money so I thought it was legit and they asked to see it. Grabbed it and ran off!!! Before I could do anything I saw they went back onto their FAKE profile and blocked me!!!! Never using this app again, anyone can make up a fake profile and rob you, or even worse they could hurt you. Extremely dangerous!

I guess I don't fully understand the mindset of some of the people (potential buyers). I've received several inquiries about items asking if the item is still available. I respond accordingly and then never hear back. Thus, why ask if you are not truly interested. This gets quite frustrating/annoying.

Letgo probably has the worst customer service I've had ever seen not only do they not have a phone number to contact but the email is automated and doesn't help solve your issues. Plus they flagged my profile for no reason and decided to suspend and delete my posting. I will never be using letgo again!!!

Reviewers are complaining that buyers are cheap or no-shows or sellers are rude AND THEY'RE TRASHING THE APP FOR THAT?

I had a great experience as a buyer. The item was in great condition, the seller was polite and he put the item in my car as it was large and bulky.

In the beginning I thought this APP was the best and easiest way to get rid of some things around the house and make a few bucks. I personally enjoy the shopping aspect rather than selling. There are some good deals out there if you've done your homework. Most sellers are right on the money and fare with what they are asking. However, there are those that are OUT OF THEIR MIND !! Most people don't realize this is a glorified garage sale.. I have learned in the few months as a seller & buyer people want everything for FREE. Absolutely Ridiculous. If you are a buyer it is best to look for items in your area or how far you are willing to drive. I would NEVER recommend purchasing with PayPal or any other form of payment ONLY CASH. If you get scammed its your own fault .. Be cautious. If you can help it meet them at a shopping center near you.Have them notify you thru LETGO when they have left with an ETA. Have them text you when they arrive at the location. I found this to be the Best way to weed out the many losers, scammers & only assures you you have a serious buyers.
My complaint is there CUSTOMER SERVICE ... IT'S TERRIBLE!! THE ONGOING GLITCHES that NEVER get fixed or addressed. The photos in NOTIFICATION are too small you cannot see the item that you FAVORED that now has been sold. You use to be able to see the item that you lost out on. I personally want to know that is how I can keep track of pricing merchandise. Because I am a seller too. The other issue is the items that I have FAVORED and was on my "WATCHLIST" Have disappeared. This has occurred in the last WEEK. CUSTOMER SERVICES is NOT responding to any e-mails.
Very frustrating.. I am no longer getting hits on any of my items. Probably bcuz of my multiple emails.
I'm out... No longer will be a seller. People DON'T understand when you say the price is FIRM.

This ap is exactly what people say it is. Terrible! I'm convinced the customers who ask if an item is available are robots, not real people inquiring about actual merchandise. This ap has a review of 1.6 and I can see why. Find another ap because this one stinks. If LetGo was to find a way to have a filter that customers have to go through to prove they are serious about a product it might change their buyer/seller engagement. Good Luck LetGo, for now please delete my account.

Waste of time. Price not shown upfront until you click the item. Then the silly questions from would be interested people which don't bother reading the description with details of the item. The description should open up right away so people can see it. It does not, and people need to click on it to see the description. So no one does. Sellers watch out for scammers with friends that will stop to pick it up, etc. Selling may be better the old way of newspaper ad, Craigslist, Amazon or Ebay.

I get losers asking ridiculous questions and letgo deletes my car. And it happens over and over. Nobody to stop them from bothering.

How anyone sells anything for more than $5.00 on this app is beyond me. Literally everything I posted got nothing but ridiculous low-ball offers or people just asking me what my lowest price is without even making an offer. Most of the times the ones who say they're going to commit to buy turn out to be fake or scammers anyways. complete waste of time.

I'm going to include some detail here, because I think that is necessary in order for people reading this review to get a clear sense of the issues that I have experienced with Letgo.
I was selling a number of different pieces, which came in a set but which I did not think I could sell all together. So I posted each piece separately, with photos and descriptions of each, (there was no way these pieces could be mistaken for each other.) In the text of each post I also said that I could also sell the whole set for less than purchasing each item individually.
After putting in a lot of time and effort to include great photos and a complete description of the pieces, I found that someone had almost immediately flagged my posts -- apparently they didn't look closely, and decided that I had posted the same item multiple times.
Okay, so I changed it to one post for the whole set, with an explanation that the items could also be purchased individually.
And then, having learned that lesson, I proceeded to do the same thing for an office set that I also need to sell, (posted it as one set, rather than offering the individual pieces.)
And finally, I posted a couch.
Today, I received a couple of messages from an interested buyer. I replied, but was surprised to see that he was listed as being from New York, so I asked him about that, because I am not able to ship these items.
I mention these specifics, because I don't know what Letgo decided I'd done wrong this time, (as they didn't bother to inform me), but the next thing I know, in the middle of this potential sale and without warning or explanation, Letgo apparently deleted my entire account.
I am left guessing as to the reason for this. Based on the fact that there are *two* warnings retroactively appended after the potential buyer's responses, warning me to "be careful when exchanging phone/email details", (we hadn't done so), and inviting me to block the potential buyer (why??), I am left guessing that either:
Some nasty person must have gone out of their way to flag me, (erroneously, as I never did post any item more than once), or somehow my question about the general location of the potential buyer broke some obscure rule.
My biggest issue is that I wasn't warned, explanations were not given, and after all the time I put into posting in good faith and with honest and careful detail, Letgo decided to terminate my account in the middle of a potential sale. A potential loss for both me and the buyer.
Really bad policies, Letgo. I am a legit and rule-abiding poster, and if I could so easily fall afoul of your policies, then I stand as a warning to others.
I wasted even more time on the Letgo site trying to find out what had happened to my account, after finding that my account had apparently been deleted abruptly. I did this partly because I couldn't believe this had actually happened, and also because I was in the middle of a potential sale at the time.
But in the end, I realized I was just throwing good time after bad -- Letgo is a rotten apple; after Letgo already wasted too much of my time, trying to find an answer to this problem from Letgo just wasted more.
My advice? Don't waste your time with Letgo!
