eBay has lost my business for good. I left years ago due to the problem with scammers and the fact that eBay protects the buyer and the sellers are always left holding the bill. I recently took 3 attempts to sell a PC on eBay, was scammed on the first two auctions and on the 3rd the buyer refused to pay. I was forced to go through their process of reporting the buyer for nonpayment and by their own policy, if after 4 days the buyer does not pay, the transaction should be closed an the buyer will get a "negative" remark on their status. I called on the 4th day after the time passed, explained that I sold the PC via another outlet and that I wanted the transaction cancelled and closed immediately. eBay rep agreed and asked me to manually close it to which I attempted 3 times to do so on the phone with the rep and was unsuccessful to which the rep told me that she would close the transaction and assured me no fees would be charged to me. Of course, she never closed the transaction and I got the money removed from my bank account unexpectedly and they are now telling me it will take 11 days to get my money back! meanwhile, they will earn interest on the money. eBay is a scam, nothing will be done as I checked the buyers rating and no negative statements were added and they won't even allow me to provide negative feedback on top of inappropriately taking my money! Stay away from eBay folks, especially if you want to sell. The screw the seller at every turn and protect the buyer at every opportunity.

I re-opened my Ebay account to purchase cleats for my son (no problems with that). Ten days later my Ebay account was hacked and they bought a $4199 camera - they tried to buy 2 cameras but my credit card didn't have $8400 available balance. I received 100s of spam emails that made me investigate what was going on and found the spam all started with an Ebay email and that's when I discovered the fraudulent charge. I called Ebay only 3 hours after the fraudulent purchase was made. I spoke with 3 different departments and had to explain the situation at great length each time. They didn't seem to understand the situation. The last person in the High Value Claims department assured me that he would resolve the issue within 24-48 hours and the cc charge would be reversed. I waited for the email from him confirming the resolution. 24 hours later after no such email, I called Ebay again and had to go through the same explanation to multiple people before I spoke to the High Value Claims dept. This person said the guy from the day before was mistaken and that they couldn't do anything to reverse the charge. He would investigate and have someone call me back. The original High Value guy from the 1st day called me back and acted like he was being nice and following up with me. He did finally say that he made a mistake and I would have to wait for the seller to refund my money. He said the camera already shipped and that they were doing some investigating into the "fraudulent" activity - this was 24 hours after I called! He went on to talk about how suspicious the hacking & charge was in that the shipping address wasn't changed and basically implied that I was making the whole thing up. If Ebay would have contacted the seller as soon as I alerted them then the camera wouldn't have shipped. Since they didn't do that and instead opened a request that told the seller that I hadn't received my item, the seller shipped it right away???? Now I have to wait for the item to be returned to the seller and sometime after that they will refund my $4199 to my credit card. Ebay did a horrible job of resolving and handling this matter. When I get my refund, I will close my Ebay account and stick with more trusted sites like Amazon!

I bought a 19.65 CT Fire Luster Sparkling 100% Natural MultiPattern AUSTRALIAN BoulderOpal at eBay. when it arrived it didn't look like the add at all. The shape of the stone was same as advertised but the stone had no color to it at all. I took a picture of it and protest to eBay. at first they said the seller will provide me with return label for free return. Then they said the shipper can not issue return label. The seller send me an address in Thailand to sen it back even though it was shipped from Frankfurt Germany. The shipping costs is seven times more that the item. I think eBay is responsible because the picture of the item in eBay web page was Photo shop enhanced with blue filter to make the colors bright and vivid. eBay must stop these people from selling items that are not true representation of the product.

eBay has violated my civil rights by denying me my first amendment right to leave negative feedback or complain about the eBay's policy of protecting sellers in the community forums. eBay was very aware that I returned the wrong item and the seller did not returned my money.

Whatever you do, do not sell on Ebay. They will ***** the seller every time and side with the buyer no matter what. Even though your ad may say "no refunds" and sold "as is" they don't care. If a buyer requests a return they will allow it, then freeze your Paypal money, then take the money out of your Paypal account without your permission. It's a total racket. The buyers know this and exploit it. Save yourself the grief and the 13% loss between Ebay and Paypal and sell local.

Sold a burberry belt on ebay after 10 days of delivery buyer opened a case claimes he received wrong item. Ended up buyer returned a used non brand belt back to me.I have sent pictures to ebay but they still insist they made the right decision of refunding the buyer.Ebay rule is Not fair to me and all other honest sellers.

Very poor service; I would not recommend selling any items on E Bay - I had nothing but problem and poor customer service. I had all documentation/proof and they still did not listen. I would rate them an F

if it weren't for the variety of merchandise that ebay has to offer i honestly would not shop there. they take more kindly to their merchants, than their customers. i have put in some disputes in the past for either not receiving my items, or items damaged upon receipt, and i always lost the disputes. so i was out of the money spent and the item ordered. the merchant always came out on top. ebays customer service reps are also unprofessional and lack any helpful information. also, they are not there to help you at all. i would not recommend ebay to friends and family.

Be aware about buy in Ebay, the product that you received are totally garbage, from China, and they don't do anything about it, is super difficult to communicate with them and the seller do what ever they want. Don't waste your money. be aware of ************ seller.

eBay has violated my civil rights by denying me my first amendment right to leave negative feedback or complain about the eBay's policy of protecting sellers in the community forums.

Ebay uses tricks against buyers to drive auction prices through the roof. For example I logged on to check what I was following and the end time said one day 14 minutes. I knew I would possibly be sleeping when it ended so I placed my bid. I woke up the next day and it still had one day 3 hours left. Ebay had made me think the auction was ending over twelve hours earlier so now I have to face 12 hours of new bids that will drive the price higher

Ebay is a SCAM!!! Ebay is robbing me of my money, they lied about returning my money, its been over 4 months, I kept calling their support which is based out of Philippines, they train their support to lie and give you the run around, I assuming so you get tired and give up.. I can't believe how horrible their service has become in the last few years.. I have other options but kept calling to get lied, and lied again!!! Ebay you STOLE my MONEY!!! YOU ARE BUNCH OF THIEVES!! No more Ebay for me, Amazon will get all my business..

Ebay shipping calculator is NOT accurate, resulting in up to 80% extra expense for the seller at the post office. Customer service representitives will sympathize for the error but will make no attempt to correct it. These errors, combined with Ebay's hefty seller fees will result in little to no money for the item you just sold. Both buyers and sellers should be able to trust that the final shipping amount is correct or be reimbursed by Ebay if able to prove otherwise. With so many other reputable online marketplaces available, it would be wise NOT to choose Ebay.

I've been an Ebay buyer for 10 years. I've sold 2 items recently and lost approximately $150 because of terrible policy, terrible customer service, and ridiculous fees. I sold brand new computer memory and stated no returns. Buyer did not ensure compatibility, requested a refund stating it was defective, and I could not decline this even though all indications point to incompatibility not defect. I called customer service to explicitly told me there was nothing I can do besides issue the refund then dispute it. After issuing the refund, receiving the RAM, testing it, and even continuing to use it (right now as we speak), I called customer service to dispute it and because I'm not a commercial account and, still, because the buyer SAID it was defective and because I initiated a refund (as I was instructed) that I cant do anything about it. Total Losses: Paid $159.99 for the item. Sold it for $82. Paid $7.99 to ship the item and another $2.75 to have it returned. $18.74 in Ebay Fees (thats 22.5% of the sale price) Now the product is opened and tampered with and it can't be sold as new. I've spent 3 hours on the phone with ebay or arguing with the buyer. Ebay now values this product at $40 opened for a grand total of= $149.47 ...and I just wanted to sell an item i wasnt going to use at a discount to get a few bucks. Now I'm OUT $150. I couldn't be more disgusted with their policies or their "too bad" attitude.

I could not be more disappointed with how eBay is handling a case of harassment with a buyer. I called 5 times to complain, wrote several emails, and had to get law enforcement involved. A buyer was stealing my personal photos of when I was young and using them in a threatening manner and eBay did nothing about it. I begged for them to block the user from harassing me further, but they did nothing. I escalated the issue 4 times and nothing. The buyer then destroyed my product and is demanding a refund and eBay SIDED with this man. A man that is harassing a woman with a family and using young photos of her on the eBay website to threaten her. How disgusting. I don't feel safe on their site any longer and they will not allow me to close my account, so I just have to accept this monster harassing me. I am traumatized and seeking treatment because of this. I was a faithful customer to eBay for 7-8 years and will now never ever use them again.

Horrific,disgusting,vile.I overpaid my ebay fees rather than refund my money they kept it for the following month.

I placed an order on www.eBay.com on 10/8/2017.Â  Within an hour ebay charged my credit card through show on my statement as Paypal.Â  Yet, I checked out of ebay with my credit card never authorizing them to use Paypal.Â  The seller of this purchase sent me a INVALID/SCAM/FAKE TRACKING NO. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.Â  On USPS it is still in PRE-Shipping status till today.Â  And no other carrier (UPS, FedEx)has this tracking no. as a valid one.Â  I keep get emails from the seller telling me my package is at my P.O. Box.Â  eBay.com REFUSES to DISPUTE this order and send it to the Resoultion Center in their company. They claim that Paypal is disputing it.Â  Yet, I did not authorize paypal to even cherge my account.Â  The seller information is as follows: address: XXXXX Blue ******* Rd., Evansville, IN XXXXX-XXXX, email is; **************** ***************@members.ebay.com

Look at the review rating 94% are negative, yet ebay has an A+ BBB rating, how is this possible? One cannot leave a negative review on ebay until 7 days have gone by, who does this protect, um, the vendors.

eBay customer service, all based in China or India does not help. There is an algorithm that both Appla and gmail are having problems with. I was told this by eBay technical support after I called because I could not send messages. After explaining my situation my account was then restricted but no one could tell me why. Dumb *** customer service.

They claim to have a "Money Back Guarantee" but thats a lot of **** I ordered two packages. Both accidentally went to the wrong address. Major user error on my end. But eBay doesn't care about that or their customers. I tried to get a refund for the package and got told no. I went to the neighbors place. They had one of the two that were delivered on the SAME DAY. So I file a claim. The seller couldn't do anything about it since the post office said it was delivered. So I make a half dozen calls and knock on some doors and no one has the package. I file a claim through eBay with zero luck. I kept getting told the same lame story over and over. So now I have to contact PayPal and see if they can do anything at all to help me out. Clearly eBay only cares about making money and not helping very very unhappy customers. They dont even bother to listen to what the real problem is. They dont care about customers at all. I should sue them for the whole 'Money Back Guarantee' scheme they're playing at. It was the worst experience to date. I will never ever shop with eBay again.

Unclear fees used. Charged me double fees without proper notification or reasoning. Explains that PayPal charges a separate fee but then did not offer a viable alternative for a one time seller to sell through. Basically you have to pay two fees or become a seller with a monthly fee. Never using again.

I placed an order for an external hard drive for a Macintosh computer before realizing that I already had access to the item in question, so I tried to cancel the order.... I was of course informed by the eBay represntative that they would need to contact the seller to resolve this cancellation despite the fact that I contacted them just 5 minutes after placing the order. Alright, so they need to confirm the cancel with the seler, thatis fine I thought. They did so, and I received an Email claiming that my refund had been approved. So, I check my Pay Pal account, and it shows the refund for the cost of the item, but the card account that the payment was originally taken from does not show anything about a refund at all. Also, there is no money that has been added to my Pay Pal balance either. I received this Email last night late, and did not see it until this morning whern I woke up and checked my Email, so it was outside of operating hours for both eBay, and Pay Pal to contact them. So, basically I will not be receiving the item, but they have decided to just keep my payment. This is unsatisfactory to me, and I am sickened by this now!!

Here is a letter that I sent to ebay recently concerning half.com closing and the loss of approximately $485 on my part. Mr. *****, My name is **** ***** and I am a retired firefighter who is trying to live the American dream of writing. I traded in many items to eBay's sister site, half.com, a while ago. I was excited to use my credit for reference material and books. Unfortunately, I was not aware that half.com was shutting down. I am in the process of moving and have not had a lot of down time recently. My problem is that my gift certificates for the items half.com accepted in trade in for me appear to be worthless now. I have consulted with both ebay and half.com customer service to see if I could be assisted. The gentleman I talked with was very nice and called me back two days later with the bad news that he could not help me. I have five gift certificates totaling about $483! I understand the failing on my part to not be aware of the closing, but I was hoping that some arrangement could be made to keep me from just losing out on this money. I would be eternally grateful if my half.com certificate credit could be switched to ebay gift credit. I have pics of the gift certificates to prove my story and would gladly send them if you would like. I realize how busy your schedule must be. I ask humbly if you could do this for me. Times are a little tight for me, and this credit would really help me out. Thank you for your time. ****

Add me to this list. Seller is playing a game of cat and mouse. Ebay is aware, and can see precisely what the seller is doing. (Working the system to delay refund). This is a financial nightmare for me. Recently I moved to the country, and a great distance from the nearest city. I purchased an RV friendly washing machine from a seller on ebay. It arrived rather promptly, but damaged beyond repair in shipping. I notified the seller, and he replied to me "I am sorry this arrived in such condition. Fedex will be there tomorrow to pick up the washer. You will need to do nothing, as they will have paperwork for you." Well, FIVE DAYS PASSED of me emailing the seller. Each day it was, "I am sorry they will be there tomorrow" Finally I called Fedex myself, and they said I needed a "recall number," thus I contacted the seller for this information. He now has forwarded the information, and unknown to me has changed the status from "exchange item" to "buyer wants a refund" I never authorized that. Originally the seller said a new one would be on it's way as soon as Fedex picked up the package, but now he says (and so does ebay) that there is nothing that can be done about a replacement and all I can do is wait an additional 8 days (5 business days) for a refund. NOW THE WORST PART...The damaged washing machine is on it's way back to me. The seller refused it saying that it was damaged in shipment to him. In addition, the seller says "I have not received the return yet" Um, I can read tracking info. Every bit of conversation has been done through the ebay relay system. The customer service reps can see what has happened, and agree with me that this is not ok. However, I still get "I am sorry there is nothing I can do" I have encountered rude and condescending reps during this entire ordeal. It is now three weeks since I made the purchase and three trips to town to do laundry at $50 per trip. In addition to the refund I have not yet received I am out $150 I could not afford. Total loss $250. My insurance is now going to lapse costing me an enormous amount of money for a renewal policy. If only I had made this purchase on Prime I would have had my replacement weeks ago.

I had purchased 2 gift cards for Ebay with $500.00 for a purchase a a car yet before sending the redemption codes to ebay I phoned ebay and asked about this car and they replied somebody is trying to scam you. 2 and a half months now I've been trying to get a refund for these ebay gift cards and have sent in photo's of everything they have requested 28 times.Mentally I'm exhausted and cannot go another day being mad at the world because of this.I'm now filing a complaint for I can't find any results dealing with this refund .

ebay has good prices and generally sellers are decent. but recently a seller ****** would not refund me for merchandise not received- i wrote to the president of ebay and he refused to issue a refund. A little crooked if you ask me.

EBay has taken a turn for the worse, i purchased an item and paid for it 30 days today. I submitted a support request on September 5th 2017. Ebay informed me that the seller had shipped the item and they extended the hold time to 9/10 then 9/15 then 9/17 and now to 9/21 I am done and it appears that their call center cant guarantee me a refund as they are asking me to wait to receive the item and then ship it back for a refund from the same seller who wont respond to messages. I have been an ebay customer since July 2001 and have made close to 400 transactions, I think this company has lost its edge which is why i will most likely not use their site again and advice you to do the same. Paypal for that matter has turned to **** also, i clicked to request a refund on the same item and it sends me back to ebay which is clear they cant do anything these days with a call center who knows where. I requested a supervisor and they told me they were all tied up on other calls.

I bought a painting on ebay, the seller sent it to me and was damaged in the mail. he had no insurance on the painting with fed ex. I retuned the painting to the seller and proof that he received the painting back. The seller said he never got the return painting so they will not refund my money. I am out over $1,000.00. There is a scam that some seller use is sell something for a lot of money and then say their didn't get it back so they have the painting and the money both and ebay wont do anything.

I have been a member of ebay almost since the incpetion of the online business. I had not sold in a very long time. Recently I attemped to sell 4 items. One was a large ticket item for $306. The item was damaged in shipping to the buyer hence a dispute was opened by the buyer. We communicated back and forth and the buyer inititated a claim with the USPS since I had insured the packaged. Ebay was supposedly monitoring the communication and mediating this dispute. I had decided to issue a refund for the item to the buyer and asked him to ship it back to me. A pop up on ebay indicated he woould have a certain amount of time to ship the item back before I would be credited for the sale. Unknown to me at the time the buyer had gived the packaged to the USPS since they requested it. Ebay closed the case shortly after the refund. The problem with this is that the buyer had the package, was fililng for the claim and had his money back. I asked ebay in 3 seperate emails to reopen this becuase the buyers still had the package after I had refunded the money. I essentially wanted to make sure I either got the package back of paid if the claim was piad by the USPS. All messages were ignored and not asnwered. To make the situation worse I received and invoice after this and they were charging me $30 in fees for selling the item which I obviously did not sell and had returned the money. I also found out that certain fees are charged for listing even when items do not sell. I had 3 other items that were charged multiple fees over and over that I never sell. I was unaware that even though you did not sell and item you could still be charged certain "special fees). I had some items in which I paid more in special fees than they were worth and I didnt even sell them. When I called ebay they did refund the charge for selling the item in which I had returned the money to the buyer. I had asked about all of the special fees on the items I didnt sell and the lady I spoke with told me she could give me a $20 credit towards the $37 worth of fees towards the items I didnt sell. I told her I had been around a long time and charging fees on items that didn't sell was new to me. She informed me this change was made approx. 1 year ago. I told her I was interested in the full refund. She indicated I will look into it and get back to you in 15 minutes and she confirmed my phone number before she hung up. It has been 3 days and I have not received a phone call. I will never sell anything on ebay again if I can help it.

I keep getting my identity stolen from Ebay. It happened a few years ago and the customer service was helpful, but today 09/14/2017 I tried to list a sells item with it stating I could not sell an item but gave no reason why. I had called and talked with customer service when I ask why I couldn't sell they had ask are you associated with these user names giving 2 user names. I replied no, I had never heard of either of those and told the rep my identity was stolen from Ebay before and ask if it was happening again. The only thing she told me was I was at risk and I wasn't allowed to sell. I ask her at risk for what her reply was " I can't discuss that with you." I ask if my identity was stolen again? She replied I can't discuss that with you. My paypal is linked to my Ebay and money was taken from my account before on top of the person who stole my identity selling over $10,000.00 worth of stuff (which would leave me with the taxes to pay on it. I contacted all of the proper people once I found out the name of the person and had it fixed the first time it happened. I only found out before because someone returned the item they bought from the other seller (thinking it was me) back to my home address. Ebay should inform me if someone stolen my identity so I know where to start instead of saying I can't discuss that with you. It is my bank account! My identity! My personal information I have the right to know so I can properly protect myself!!!

I've had a very negative experience with ebay. I'm a sometime seller. I was told THREE times by 3 different representatives that a claim would be found in my favor, that I had to wait until 9/9 to ask them to step in to do so, only to be told something completely different. I was called a liar because I was told there were no previous records on my case and that I didn't speak with anyone else previously, only to be told later, yes there were other notes on my case. They do not stand behind their word nor do they do anything to protect sellers who pay their fees. I will be taking my business elsewhere, they are not the only marketplace around. I would highly advise others to do so, as well. I'm also contact California's AG's office of consumer protection.

I have been a member of eBay since1999. I had no problems until last month. I send items to buyer. The buyer complained about Items. Before I shipped the items to buyer, I inspect there are any defective. But when buyer got Items, he complained about Items. I explained items are not manufacture defective, It's cracktastic of the items. Buyer claim to eBay money back guarantee. eBay's decision is buyer's favor. When complaint is end up by buyers favor, I have to pay full refund of money and buyer can keep the items. I feel there is something wrong. whenever reason buyer gets full refund, Items should send back to seller. Why buyer gets money and item? Any business, If you don't satisfy the item, you get money back, but item have to return to the store or seller. I feel I need sellers protection. Why buyer can keep items and money. I really don't understand the system. Now I'm asking lawer this system is against the law or not.

Massive Shill Bidding and Illegal Extortion Going on at eBay eBay has a big problem with certain sellers using aggressive shilling practices. I was a victim of this shilling on August 18th, 2017. Who did this shilling? Sellers ***************** and ********************* (I believe these two stores are run by the same seller or network. Here is what happened to me. I had put in some bids on a number of earrings by the 2 sellers above. I was out bid on most of them days before. I received a notice via eBay on August 18th that I was the high bidder for a pair of earrings I had previously been out bid on, and the auction was ending in 5 minutes. The auction ended and I, of course, had to pay for the item. I did a bit of investigation and saw that a previous bidder had retracted their bid, leaving me the high bidder. Well, I thought, okay, that's fine. Then, 5 minutes later, another notice from eBay popped up and said that I was high bidder for another pair of earrings that I was previously out bid on, and I won and to now pay for the item. Then another notice popped up with another pair of earrings that I was previously out bid on, that I now won and had to pay for. Then later in the evening, it happened again. This occurred a total of 4 times on this day. I did a bit of investigation, and it turned out that in all 4 of these auctions, a shill bidder retracted their bid minutes before the auctions ended, making me the high bidder, and making me pay for the items. Now, I find it highly odd and a coincidence that bids could be retracted for all 4 of those auctions. I don't believe in coincidences, but I do believe in deceitful people. Now, I have taken a look at the 2 stores above and can clearly see the shilling pattern used to illegally EXTORT money from people. In two of the auctions I was forced to pay for, it was the same bidder retracting their bid. The other two, are different, but shills none the less. If you go into the negative/neutral feedback of the 2 stores above, you will see others, like myself, who complained that the seller was using shills. Also, the seller is using automatic bids to shill. You should also be aware that the 2 stores above, are violating another eBay regulation: they are absolutely selling fake jewelry and passing them off as real 925 sterling silver gemstone jewelry. Nowhere in the description, for any of their jewelry, do they use the words: "overlay", "imitation", "simulant", "plating", "alloy", anything to truly describe the costume jewelry the are selling to the public. Here again, if you go in and read the negative/neutral feedback, you will find loads people that had acid tested the metal, had the gemstones tested, and the items were found to be complete fakes. I knew when I originally placed bids on the earrings, that they were, indeed, fakes - I was not bidding because they were real, I know the difference. Another thing. As I investigated, I came across other stores with the same kinds of complaints of bid manipulation/shilling and selling fake jewelry. There are more, I simply did not list them, you investigate: ********************** ********************* ************** ***************** ************************ ******************* ***************** *************** ***************** I believe there is massive shilling going on on eBay, a lot of it coming out of India, and I believe eBay to be turning a blind eye to this. You will see this if you check out the stores above and look for the others on eBay. So, now my question to you, eBay, is: What are you going to do about it? I am positive, I am not the first person to complain about the shilling going on in the list of stores above. You seem to cast a blind eye to this fraud and have allowed it to happen for quite some time, if the feedback from those 2 stores is any indication. Yes, I would like my money back for the items, since the money was gotten illegally through extortion means, as far as I am concerned. However, knowing eBay like I do, I doubt I will find restitution, since you do nothing about shilling. No, shilling is not hard to prove: I figured out the 2 stores above where shilling people within minutes, so I would assume eBay has intelligent detective types working for them and they, too, can see the pattern and figure it out. I want something done about this and those sellers before more unsuspecting people are victims of this sneaky type of extortion.

Two problems" 1. Customer disputed the item he purchased from me, claiming it was damaged, and requesting a refund. He had nearly one week to send the item back and never did. After more than two weeks, eBay finally credited my account back. The customer left a NEGATIVE feedback stating I wrapped the product in paper towel. TOTAL LIE. I called eBay and they said that unfortunately, there is nothing they can do about it. Customer are permitted to leave 100% lies in the feedback, and we are helpless. I wrapped this item in bubble wrap, but all people viewing my feedback will see that I wrapped it in paper towel. eBay is not telling me the truth on the phone about not being able to do anything about it. 2. With a 99% positive feedback, and a 97.9% sellers performance, I am banned from selling in bullion as a punishment for my low performance. This is unbelievably outrageous! I have since listed a large bullion collection on Amazon. eBay has lost $9,000 in eBay fees, and handed the profits to Amazon to punish me for nearly 100% positive feedback and sellers performance!!! Amazon fees are ridiculously high, but I am forced to use them because of eBay's ******* policies.

Ebay "tagged" my account, which had 100% positive reviews, because another account with a similar name and location owes them $90. They lowered my selling/buying amount pending this other person paying their debt. Their Privacy Policy was completely disregarded as they told me the person's name and the amount of money he owes. I asked how they can have another person's behavior affect my account and the manager said, "Because we can." I ended my account. Also, they had charged me $800 via paypal for listing a piece of furniture that never sold. I started a "complaint ticket" and they never responded and then ended the ticket.

As a seller and a buyer, I have had many problems with eBay and when I contact them they are less than helpful (and that's if you get someone who actually can speak fluent English without a very thick accent, i.e.; customer service is in the Philippines, were they can pay people less than half minimum wage and who only care about their paycheck at the end of the week). I have been buying and selling on eBay for over 13 years and I have seen eBay's policies change from giving sellers carte blanche to the pendulum swinging to having scam buyers take full advantage of Ebay's refund policy and allowing eBay buyers damage, steal and extort from sellers). In 2004, Donohoe took over and I watched many good sellers leave, because they were not respected, taken advantage off and felt they had no other choice but to leave for other venues. I have spent hundreds of hours talking with customer service representatives, who do nothing but spout back canned scripts like "I hear your frustration" or "I am sorry you have had a bad experience", only to end the phone call with I am sorry "it's just our policy or there is no remedy (except an policy change which they have no authority to change) for what ails "eBay". To see that eBay has an A+ on the *** when there are 197 customer reviews and 185 of those are NEGATIVE....should tell all readers of these reviews that the game is rigged (including the ***). I guess this what we get living in America, when no one is held accountable or has integrity (just look at how miserable a job Congress does and gets paid very handsomely for doing such a poor job). This has become the American business model......do nothing, fix nothing, spout rhetoric and get paid well. Again, how does the *** rate as an agency, when the agency (eBay) has 185 negative reviews out of 197 and over 6,000+ complaints about eBay. YET, the *** gives eBay an A+ review. People should get use to being exploited and ****** dry of their money, it's the American business way. I am tired of trying to work on ****, only to have them deaf, dumb, blind....but holding their hand out for money at the end of the month. The vampiric drain on me emotionally, financially and mentally for me is more than enough and the fact I cannot find anyone at eBay or any outside agency will to do anything to change the problems or to make eBay accountable for their bad business model/management is something I can no longer afford. Shame on eBay, shame of the *** and shame on our government for them letting corporations run without oversight and become the greedy ************ they are.

I purchased a 64GB usb thumb drive on eBay and it was found to be a fake counterfeit drive to look like the original. It was actually a 8GB drive with firmware installed for a 64GB drive so the pc will look at it as if it were a 64GB drive when plugged in. If I copied anything over 6.6Gb of data the remaining data will be corrupted and unusable. I contacted eBay twice to ban the seller which they still continue to let eBay buyers purchase this counterfeit item. I have contacted several of the buyers and mentioned to them how to test the drive which theirs were found to be counterfeit as well. All the seller does is give the money back and eBay doesn't do a thing. I have found other sellers selling the same items and contacted the buyers as well. They received counterfeit items also. The sellers have sold 100's and thousands of these items. I have reported them all and ebay does nothing. They need to stop all sells of USB drives as 90% of them are fake. To good to be true then don't buy it on eBay.

As far as I know this website is legit. I have purchased MANY things on this website including phones, fans, ipods, video games furniture and even a WII U. There was one incident when they sent me a game for the wrong console. I told about my problem and they let me keep and they also sent me the right one after. This website is good. The only thing i have to say is to make sure you read the description before buying something.

eBay has some nice clothes at some nice prices. Even though they don't always make a good bargain I still shop online from there. I'm actually pretty surprised about the variety of clothes and other items to buy from it. I have ordered many and never disappointed.

With Ebay, most of the goods sold are done in a timely manner.

For me Ebay is the best website one can buy goods because in most cases you find that people who were scammed did not follow up on the product and seller so as to meet each other's standard (the buyer and the seller).

I bought a product on ebay from a company near me and arranged to collect it and pay cash but its a dreadful area so I asked the seller to give me a phone number in case I got lost. Ebay would not allow this and I was not much bothered but now Ebay has restricted my account so I... read more

what about returning a mobile which is very low price than the original price..?and it was given 1 month warranty

I'm an experienced ebay buyer during 15 years.
In all that time, I've never had a bad experience with american sellers.
But since many asian sellers came here and I got something from them, I had some bad experiences.
Afterall it's an awesome site if you want to buy high quality american made products.

eBay gets 5/5 from me.

I ordered 4 seat cushion from Sjudd@aol.com. They were Pierre Deux fabric, and Shelley and I texted back and forth to get the dimensions just right. They turned out beautifully and were done in a timely manner.

Always the best deals on this site :) thank you ebay i just bought a new phillips tv and its much better than the chinese junk i usually get near black friday. I mean talk about the lines!!

I recently bought a game for my son from a ebay seller turns out the game was fake. Reached out to the seller, ebay and paypal to get my money back no luck with anyone of them finally my bank refunded me and going after the seller. I have been a ebay shopper for as long as I can remember but when I needed them to step in and help no luck.

I sold an BRAND NEW $400 item and plus paid the $30 something dollars shipping, turns out buyers can swap their old and used item and return it for full refund and they keep the BRAND NEW item while I get stuck with their old and used item plus lost over $430.00 dollars!!!

Been using EBay for a long time now, good deals on many many things. Great for selling stuff you don't need anymore and it simply reaches the most people who want your stuff. I am not going to get rich from it, but my stuff is sold with out having a flea market in my yard.

If you want an online company that completely vulnerable then EBAY is the place! It is 2017 and they still don't know what security. They DONT care about their users. Its a online giant that's falling, just like Bestbuy.

The first place I go to find what I need or want. Easy to use and for payment, they except PayPal which is the only company I use because they will try and help you with a trnaction.

This is my 3rd month selling, so I'm still a newbie.

It's very user friendly and easy to set up and ship.

I've had 2 situations that eBay decided in my favor:

The buyer claimed they never received an item. eBay asked for my tracking number, which I provided, and within 2 days they decided in my favor. They do not allow the buyer to leave negative feedback in a situation like this.

I sold an item and wasn't paid by the buyer. I did attempt to correspond several times with no answer. Again, EBay doesn't allow them to leave negative feedback even if the seller decided to.

From my experience, eBay has always been on the customer's side. Lately, though, I noticed these people would much rather take the dumb seller's side! Heed my warning when I say do not purchase from a useless imbecile of a seller named "TIPBEER"! I never received an item so I complained to both the seller and to customer service but they too did not help at all! I suggest you guys stick to purchasing items from U.S. sellers! These awful sellers from China are just careless, money hungry liars!

just had my account suspended for offering to sell outside ebay, Because i put a facebook link at the end of a message to a buyer where he was requesting measurements. No offer to trade outside ebay was asked for or made ... ebay rep acknowldged this, (the item is still for sale on my account) ... but i am told "ebay policies are binding" and i have to be punished for breaching the rules. Customer Service Rep seemed to be on a power trip.

I have use Ebay on and off for years, I am disappointed to say that Ebay has progressively gotten worse over time. Expect the worst when you buy on ebay.
I definitely recommend Mercari as an alternative. Mercari has better prices and a simpler, more refined experience.

I have been a seller on ebay since 1998 because this type of buying was putting my small doll and teddy bear out of business. i have always hated this because the seller is absolutely abused by ebay fees and customer support incompetance.
First be aware that ebay charges the seller fees on shipping fees that are charged to the buyer for shipping products. Yes that is unbelievable with shipping fees being so high at this time to individual small business.
Second ebay allows buyers that do not pay to leave feedback for sellers but if sellers leave negative feedback for the buyer then the seller account is restricted. .
Third ebay customer service is incompetant and they rarely have the answers without waiting on the line for great lengths of time to talk to a supervisor.
Fourth the fees are so excessive on ebay and they push you to sell cheaper and cheaper constantly so that at some point all you work for is to pay the fees and lose money all the time on products.
i still sell on ebay and really all i want to say is FU ebay I really do not give a crap anymore if i sell anything anymore I am 62 years old and have been abused by your system for so many years that all i hope and pray is that you fail and go bankrupt you an all your incompentant moronic employees. FU

They dont even deserve a 1 rating
I have a 18 year history( mostly selling but NO SNAGS)
I have my checking account and 2 credit cards linked to my account. I have never had a problem paying fees or purchases, yet they are holding my funds !!!!!! Yes, they got their fees and are collecting interest on my money !!! So so so very rude !!!!!

I ordered stuff with e-bay over 500.00 and paid by paypal and got wrong item,
I have put numerous resolution, nothing happend NO refund. Bad company
lost over 500.

Cook2105 will take advantage of you. I sent a contract saying that if they had the "blue" sweater they advertised in a grey version that I would be happy to pay for it. The lighting in the picture is made to where you cannot tell the sweater was blue at all, but they will accept the "contract" anyway no matter what you say.

Never try to sell anything on EBay!

Because of them, I've lost over $160 because of terrible policies, terrible customer service, and ridiculous fees. Have been a buyer for 10 years. I'm closing my account because of this.

Fun fact everyone, if you just SAY that a product is defective, the buyer cant decline it or do anything about it. Customer service will advise you incorrectly then their escalations team will tell you that because you're not a commercial seller, that you have no seller protection.

If you dont like your product, dont want it, or just because you feel like it, submit a refund request and say the item is defective. You'll rip off the seller and make out like a bandit. That's what happened to me. They're still charging me $18 dollars in fees too.

Good for buyers. Terrible for sellers. Fees, fees, and more fees. I will be closing my account shortly. Totally not worth it.

ebay used to be like going to a car boot/yard sale where the people selling were selling odd bits they do not need any more
but now there are shops advertising there good on ebay
now this has happened its like going to a discount store

BUONA E VELOCE LA SPEDIZIONE, NON HO AVUTO FINO ADESSO IMPREVISTI, HO RICEVUTO GLI OGGETTI IN TEMPO E BEN CONFEZIONATI

Ebay is out of date and needs to refresh the business.
I am still able to get certain thing from there that is lower in price than amazon.

The product was really bad quality not suitable for a baby the customer service was terrible was going to cost to much to return and it has to be unopened do not buy from this company first and last purchase from eBay

Does not want to put any effort on helping you recover your old account, hackers can change your secret questions easily. Does not bother to help you in anyway and just bans you for life and tell their sellers to part ways with them. AMAZING

I buy stuff from here all the time. Great site. Cheaper than Amazon.

Check aliexpress for a price comparison though because a lot of their sellers are from China.

I have been left out of pocket by Ebay. I sold items , paid for postage and packaging and ebay got there monthly fee from my account. Whereas I didnt get a single penny because I was a new seller and according to paypal my email was unconfirmed. I wated alot of time with both ebay and paypal to resolve my issue, but they sent me automatic email saying bull$#*! I alreafy have read on there websites (which were not helpful in my case). Ebay said they are helpless to do anything. I mean whose responsibilty is it to check and confirm an email address (which is perfectly function for all the other communications)?

Due to fraud , I am not going to purchase on line a much . I stick with amazon . Some businesses on eBay are also fraud . Unfortunately , purchasing from any business from China could be fraud . I had bad rxieteincecwith eBay and light in the box . The Chinese on line shopping should be banned from
USA or controlled heavily

We all know how bad ebay has let themselves get- and they only have themselves to blame, so here is the upside- you CAN take your business elsewhere. You DO only pay 2% commission on the sale of your items+NOT postage cost on 'ebid.net'. You can import ALL of your items with a couple of clicks and save years of time re-listing. You CAN import ALL of your posative feedback rating across from ebay also, the same feedback you have worked so hard to earn. It is an honest community and will be the next 'ebay'! Lets all migrate and be happy campers again-it's been a while....

The fact they keep your money for weeks when you sell something keeps me from selling there anymore . The buying is seemless and perfect .

On several occasions I have sellers back out of transactions. Ebay does nothing and doesn't care.Contacting them is worse than useless.

I buy from eBay often and often sell on there. Best sale and buy site for sure. Any products you need used or new they have ready to ship.

It is clearly pick and choose. I was selling an item on eBay and had my account suspended for it. Ive seen and also reported other sellers ( to see if they would do anything) not yet. Sadly I feel they pick and choose.

I have sold on EBAY since 2009 and they have changed so much about the selling and buying process. there is no longer any protection for buyer/sellers any longer it is simply a way for eBay to capitalize on selling fees etc. You can no longer list items and sell them with ease. I would suggest craigslist to anyone who would except this sort of buy/selling experience. Brace yourself for disaster.

I sold a phone on Ebay to Olyfrank Morales and after the buyer received it he cancelled the payment so Im out of the phone and the money. I called Ebay numerous times and nothing was done. I have removed all my listings, about 30. I was ripped off by a Buyer and Ebay representatives dont care and pretty much told me they cant help and Im going to loose my money if the buyer doesnt decide to pay me. I know my business doesnt matter, Im no one but it will be a cold day if I ever make any more business with Ebay, I have removed all my listings and sell somewhere else. If Ebay is going to allow a criminal to get away with my merchandise and my money than they dont need my business, I really hope that Ebay can help me resolve this issue, if not its not like Ebay is going to go bankrupt. Please help me or my entire family will not do business with Ebay again. Sellers should have a little more warranty than go file on the FBI website a form IC3 and good luck. Not happy at all!! Please dont sell on a website that protects criminals and there is no way to even take the buyer to court because no one will release enough information to sue them. DONT SELL ON EBAY!!!

The biggest problem here is that this site hasn't got a review section like others have. Sometimes it's difficult to understand how some product is made and the quality of it just by looking at the photos in the description box; and even when there are plenty of photos in it you're never sure if the seller just stole them from another shop. It's a little bit confusing if you plan on buying something that doesn't come from a well-known brand. Some products are cheap but the quality is good, some others are just terrible. I didn't have any particular bad experience with Ebay, you just have to be careful and read everything the seller writes and also try to buy things that were also bought from a lot of other customers.

They work with me every time I have a problem I have been do business with them for over 10 years and have lost no money they have covered or replaced with better merchandise.

I'm buying and also selling in Ebay, for more than 8 years now, and i believe that is almost the biggest electronic market around the world. There is always some exceptions with some of the sellers, that they don't follow the rules but they are so few, that you don't need to think about them.. I recommend it to every one of you.

I ordered a fitrist pulzz watch refurbished.
It mentioned it's 100% working.
And also eBay claim etc etc etc.
When I received item touch not working at all.
I tried to contact eBay and seller.
Seller said claim in eBay or service.
Ebay saying no claim possible only service which I need to do my self. So worst senario.

Many times I`ve been a buyer and a seller at Ebay and generally the site is very good for such needs. Just care to get some info about the seller you are getting an item from, there are still scams on the market, sadly ;(

The majority of sellers on eBay are just your neighbor, someone's mom or dad, grandparents, disabled people, just regular people selling items to keep the lights on and food on the table.
Think of how it is for you in your job when you make an error. Think about how you would like to be treated. Was the error so horrible that you deserve to have your pay docked. Was the error so bad that you deserve to be temporarily suspended. Or did you really screw up and deserve to be fired. It's no different for a seller. DSR can and do SIGNIFICANTLY impact a sellers ability to sell on Ebay. And the rules are so strict that even 2 buyers out of 100 transactions can bottom out a seller in the searches if they hit the DSRs while leaving FB. Think about that next time you feel like leaving negative feedback. And sellers think about that before you even join eBay as you'll spend your whole time being at the mercy of buyers and kissing their butts till you can't take the degradation anymore

They claim to have a "Money Back Guarantee" but thats a lot of BS!! I ordered two packages. Both accidentally went to the wrong address. Major user error on my end. But eBay doesn't care about that or their customers. I tried to get a refund for the package and got told no. I went to the neighbors place. They had one of the two that were delivered on the SAME DAY. So I file a claim. The seller couldn't do anything about it since the post office said it was delivered. So I make a half dozen calls and knock on some doors and no one has the package. I file a claim through eBay with zero luck. I kept getting told the same lame story over and over. So now I have to contact PayPal and see if they can do anything at all to help me out. Clearly eBay only cares about making money and not helping very very unhappy customers. They dont even bother to listen to what the real problem is. They dont care about customers at all. I should sue them for the whole 'Money Back Guarantee' bull$#*! scheme theyre playing at.

**** Sellers get scammed by eBay Read this!!!!****
If you sell anything on eBay the buyer can return it for any reason and they don't even need to return your original item they can return a box of rocks and eBay will force you to give them a refund. If you call eBay and ask them they will tell you this is true. I went all the way to the top of their support and that was the bottom line, "the customer can return anything they want even if it's not the original item and we will refund them. If they keep doing it over and over after a while we will stop them."

I purchased an item this not received it i opened a case and they took the sellers rout not cool for now on I'll go to Amazon.

I started visiting eBay when I wanted to replace my rented cable modem. By owning my own I would save $10.00/mo on my cable bill. I was going to buy the Arris gateway but it would have taken 2 years to break even. I noticed the exact cable modem I was renting was available for sale, but with one exception. They were all used. The one exception was a "Lot of 7" modems for around $500.00, so I decided to buy the seven, sell the six I didn't need on eBay and end up with my own for free.
The plan was going so well I decided to buy another lot of seven, and then another. It was easy to get started selling and as the extra modems sold on eBay, I was actually doing quite well financially. However, suddenly the modems I had sold started coming back to me. Evidently the ISP didn't like having their branded devices owned by their customers instead of being rented to them.
In the end I ended up refunding two-thirds of the sold modems, which was made easy with eBay and PayPal, and getting refunded myself for two of the three lots I had purchased, even though the seller was no longer an eBay member. eBay's return policy protected not only my buyers but me as well. Plus, I ended up with the Arris modem I had wanted in the first place from the profits on my non-returned devices. I also learned a lot and really appreciated the policies, assistance and help from eBay.

Be carfull - one of the worst robbing sites

Full of thiefs sellers , un authentic items - supported by the site customer service

I had an experience with fashion - all items are announced as original designer - but actually they are piece of trash with high prices - the admin of the site are only supporting their sellers - and let them steel your money .

WARNING Never buy clothes from EBAY gangs - never buy any thing from eBay they will only steal your money for left over garbage

A week ago i was looking for a certain kind of shampoo, I added an item to my watch list, but I didn't buy it, a few days later I received the same shampoo, I check my ebay shopping list and the purchase was not registered like it never took place but it did showed up in my statement, I inmediately got in touch with ebay custumer service and they were very rude, they accused me of buying the item by mistake and they said that that was none of their business, they said that I would have to contact the bank which is my next action but I think that at least I deserved some answers not unfounded accusations and a nasty treatment

For some reason they seem to put tracking numbers on parcels that aren't even tracked!! I'm a seller and buyer, only use eBay as a way of getting rid of household items.

They also claim arrival dates for items within 2 working days for Royal Mail 2nd class, when this is really is not true.

The new product reviews they have, clearly have a bug as my images in my description page go blank when you cilck on the 'read review's' link at the top.

They always, always, favour the buyer!!!

Tip for eBay appreciate your sellers more and you might attract some more trusted businesses and retailers that run to Amazon!!!

Another terrible part of the eBay seller experience is the fact they take buyers word for if an item was delivered late. Well if you're providing them with a 2 day delivery time for 2nd class which is actually 2-3 working days, then they're going to think it's late!!!!!

You cannot rate a seller on their delivery times based on what buyers constitute as being late. You should only rely on the actual tracked items. None of my items are tracked yet you seem to put on tracking codes from some random generator no doubt, that implies I've dispatched my parcels late, they're not tracked!!! How can you know??!????!?!?!!!! Yet its taken as gospel and lowers your seller rating as a result.

Seriously I've been a small business seller now for over a year now if anyone wants to know the real issues with selling as an eBay premium seller just comment below.

Rant over.

Wow, ebay is just terrible. Mostly cheap knock offs and terrible service. This wallet is not authentic, but they didn't seem to care. Why buy junk when you can buy real products elsewhere.

TOTAL SCAM FROM INDIA,JUNK STONES,AND COUNTERFIT HALLMARKED RINGS EAR RINGS NECKLACES BRACLETS.TOTAL FRAUD

Worst experience ever, never use ebay again. I will ask my friend not too.
Worst experience ever, never use ebay again. I will ask my friend not too.
Worst experience ever, never use ebay again. I will ask my friend not too.
Worst experience ever, never use ebay again. I will ask my friend not too.

I AM WRITTING IN CAPS BECAUSE I WANT EVEN A BLIND PERSON CAN SEE AND NEVER USE THIS SITE. I ORDERED A NOKIA PHONE FOR MY DAD AS HE CANT GO OUTSIDE. AND WHAT I FOUND IS THE PHONE IS NOT AT ALL WORKING.. WHEN I TRIED CALLING CUSTOMER SERVICE.. THEY SAID CONTACT SELLER BECAUSE ITS IN WARRANTY PERIOD OR VISIT NEAR BY REPARING CENTER... THEY DECLINED MY CALIM. WHY THE HELL A PERSON ORDER ONLINE COS WE DOESN'T WANT TO GO OUTSIDE.. AND NOW THIS FRAUD SITE DOESN'T REPLY... I REQUEST ALL OF YOU PRECIOUS CUSTOMER NEVEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEER EVERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR SHOP FROM THIS SITE. NO CUSTOMER SERVICE. NO GOOD PRODUCT..... I BEG DONOOOOTTTTTT EVER USE THIS FRAUD SITE.

This is my go-to site for clothes and products I see on TV, They have great deals and I am very happy with their service.

With 'customer service' this bad, I wonder why serious businesses even bother with the hassle of selling on eBay any more. I know I had to stop for the sake of my mental health.

The danger for consumers is that, because of eBay's vast reach and the millions of part-time, non VAT-registered sellers, many businesses are often selling at lower prices than on their own website, despite eBay's ever-increasing charges (remember when they were about 5% and no fees on postage?).

The consequence could be that in another decade or two, nearly all internet sales are handled through third party sites like eBay and Amazon. Businesses will basically no longer be independent, increasing amounts of merchandise will be banned as they are deemed politically incorrect (such as all Confederate flag items, as just one example).

They will be able to set prices by setting their fees and we will only have easy access to the books they think we ought to read and the music and films we should own and the food we should eat.

Join me in boycotting eBay, as a seller and as a buyer, otherwise we will be at the mercy of these kind of companies and in my experience, they don't do much inn the way of mercy.

when I say watch ebay, I mean read the product description well. there is a lot of difference in which seller on ebay, you deal with. some are real good, some are not so good. the really bad ones don't stay operating on ebay for very long. over all I have had good luck with ebay.

Worst company ever! They assist people in scamming other people out of their money. Anti service policies. Disgusting

I have had a terrible time dealing with eBays "seller fee" with items that have been bought by the numerous scammers that run rampant on this site. Not only was my item not sold but eBay charged me $60 and didn't even tell me why. The charge went right to my paypal account. During this time I went to Europe and did not have cell phone service or access to my mail. So... when I finally got my mail there was letters from a collection agency!!!! Guess what... my credit is RUINED because of scammers and eBays lack of attention to their customers. I will never ever buy or sell anything on eBay again. They have wasted my TIME, ENERGY, AND RUINED MY CREDIT.

They don't protect you at all as a seller. I prefer using Amazon . I sold a gown to someone on eBay . The person then requested a refund . I told them they need to return the gown but they didn't return it . EBay put the money on hold. So now I have no gown and no money . Everytime I contact them. They tell me nonsense

eBay can't protect you. They rather charge you a fees to list and sell your items rather than invest in better cyber security to thwart scams. See I recently listed an Apple Watch and received the emails from eBay and PayPal that my item sold and was paid. After calling both to confirm, I shipped only to find out two days later that it was a scam. The $315 I stood to make was not real and my watch was gone.

Rather than admit their wrong eBay repeatedly suggested I contact the USPS to stop shipments (2 days later of a Priority Package). Needless to say they didn't offer me anything for my misfortune. If this happens so much why haven't you found a
Mitigation for this?

They can't protect you if you haven't sold 25 or more packages. I can't do business w/ nor communicate w/ billion dollar company that can't protect my interest.

Effffff you ebay,

Former iWatch peroson

I had purchases a 310*90mm DIY Multi-Function Milling Machine, THIS IS TYPICAL CHEAP CHINESE CRAP. It is to small for my shop and what I try to do. The company lists everything in Millimeters so it seems larger than it is. However, It will not hold a piece of steel without it vibrating loose AND DESTROYING THE WORK I HAD ALREADY DONE. I had to start over again, with the same results. I finally had to buy another jig. I purchased this through EBay by the company bezzprice. I kept up with emails with them thinking this was going to be resolved. However, I found out this was just to give me a bunch of hassles that it went beyond the return date so I could not get my money back. Now EBay is not allowing me to even provide a review on this company that sold it to me.

I've been an ebayer for years and admit it's my favorite place to shop for Jewelry, perfume, household goods, etc. However, recently I discovered I love it even more! I hadn't realized I could purchase college books too! This site has it all and not just used but, new things too. Thank goodness for EBAY!

I love shopping on eBay because it's usually the cheapest place on the internet to buy whatever I want or need. I've bought over 100 items on eBay, and for the most part, I'm very glad I did because I'm sure I've saved 100's of dollars by doing so. Their selection is huge, and once you understand how everything works in their system, it should be an enjoyable shopping experience for you. I usually just pay the "buy it now" price for my item(s), but I've also won several auctions as the highest bidder on unique items, and also paid less by 'making an offer' to the seller when it's an option for the item (and the seller accepts my offer). I can't comment on selling anything on eBay, because I never have. Finally, I'm mostly satisfied with eBay's customer service/resolution department for any issues I've had. My only real complaint is that there are some seller's I've bought from on eBay that ended up being fictitious accounts (I never received the item I purchased). But because of eBay's guarantee, I was issued a full refund for my purchase price and shipping once the resolution department researched the issue and decided in my favor.

I order a lot and have gotten 95% of good products. If a product does not show up and seller does not work with you by refunding then eBay will step in after a waiting period and refund your money.

eBay is only a platform for other people to sell what ever they want online, so its hard to review it, even though - eBay helped with any issue I had in a matter of a few days, and they are also managing PayPal which is giving me even more confident.

There are a lot of things I can not find on eBay but nothing they can do about it..

Thanks for everything.

I bought an item on ebay and it was damaged in the mail so returned the item. E-Bay wont give me a refund on the money even though I have documentation that the seller received the item back. Its a Scam when the seller only has to say they didn't get it and ebay does nothing even if I have documentation

this is a real shopping mall. thanks to ebay, i have the most fantastic set of motorcycles, they have helped me in locating genuine dealers for spare parts.. i love it

I buy on eBay, everything came, returned money and problems weren't. Very large number of goods. Always there are alternative sellers and their prices.

i bought a teekking bag from this $#*!ing site...but returned the product as it was torned...but didnt get the refund so far...more than 3 months am waiting..very poor customer relation....every time they come up with rediculous reasons...even not call us or give us a response...$#*! OFF....they are doing fraud business...

Ebay continue to be the best place for me to bid and buy stuff online. I have met many great buyer and sellers

Yes! A five star rating for Buttcoleahter. TOP service and quick delivery to the Netherlands. Thanks a lot.

Bought a bridle that was described as over sized/warmblood, when I got it....it's clearly labeled FULL size therefore not fitting my horse. Seller would not accept return and eBay did nothing for me and would not give me a refund. Poor customer service, I thought I was protected as a buyer....apparently not.....if you don't care about loosing your money (i spent $300) then go for it. Any other online store would accept a return for this. In this case they protected the seller.....no buyer rights....Deplorable. Last time I buy on eBay......better off with Amazon....

IGNORES THE SELLERS NEEDS. BUYERS COME FIRST IN THEIR BOOK. I DON'T KNOW Y I KEEP SELLING ON HERE BUT I DO CUZ I NEED THE MONEY.
I HAVE NEGATIVE FEEDBACK AGAIN(2nd time) AND I CALLED THEM AND EXPLAINED BUT I GUESS NO ONE THERE DGARA!!!

I have worst ebay experience buying new mi 4a mobile and i received repaired phone mi service center justified he saying this phone allreday repaired other side . Worst support or rather I will say no support at all. Rude Support guys. Easy for any vendor to cheat on ebay. my claim register on 4th august but today 8sep. i dont received refund .

Ebay is the $#*!tier version of Amazon. The homepage looks like a grandpa designed it. It is possibly the most bland online shopping/purchasing website out there. You guys suck!!!! get with the 21st century and update ur poop website. Gosh you're gonna be extinct within 5 years. None of my friends shop on your website. all your consumers are 60+ when their retirement money runs out, so will all your profits!!!!!!!

I have worst ebay experience. Worst support or rather I will say no support at all. Rude Support guys. Easy for any vendor to cheat on ebay

I have been a TOP SELLER in both the United States and the UK.
Because of scamming buyers and the fact tracking wasn't available, some demanded full refund for non receipt. I offered to re-send product, but instead of responding, they just escalated to eBay.

And for this, 6 of these cases out of 670, eBay punished me by making my Global Seller Rating: Below Average. Just one case was actually in the global region, the rest were in the US/UK/Germany.

I thought it won't matter since I was still a TOP SELLER in the US & UK. WROOOONG

I started selling on eBay again, subscribed to an eBay store subscription and to my HORROR I saw no one was even finding my listings!!! I couldn't find them in search either!!!

eBay support repeteadly said BOGUS reasons, that it's because I'm searching my own listings, because people from other regions see other results, but that's NOT IT! Before I could find them!

TURNS OUT just because my global seller status dropped below average, not only no one from worldwide can see my listings in search results, BUT NO ONE FROM THE REGIONS I STILL HAVE TOP SELLER STATUS CAN FIND MY LISTINGS EITHER !!!!

EBAY INTENTIONALLY SABOTAGED AND CENSORED MY LISTINGS WITHOUT EVEN INFORMING ME BEFORE NOT ONLY PAYING $$$$ FOR MANY EBAY LISTING FEATURES TO BE SHOWN EVERYWHERE, BUT NOT EVEN INFORMING ME NO ONE WILL BE ABLE TO FIND MY LISTINGS BEFORE SUBSCRIBING TO THEIR STORE SUBSCRIPTION !!!!!

I tried everything, contacted them over x20 times ... NOTHING!!!! It's like they intentionally want to sabotage us!

I tried to cancel the eBay store subscription and to my HORROR it wanted to charge me $94 for early termination fee !!!! FOR WHAT ?!?!?! THEY ALREADY CHARGED US $20 FOR A STORE THAT IS CENSORED AND HIDDEN AND BASICALLY FOR A SERVICE NOT PROVIDED !!!!!!!!

I contacted Support to cancel the early termination fee, and support said to cancel my subscription and have my account charged $94 and to contacted them again for a refund.
When I contacted them for a refund, they said I'd have to wait until next month when the invoice arrives, to "try and request a crediting of my account and hope it gets approved" .... TO TRY AND REQUEST ?!?!? As if it's at their discretion to commit fraud and theft for services not provided ?!?!?!?!?
I contacted them next month, they didn't reply, had to pester them and eventually told me they're sorry they can't refund me anything because my account has been credited last month, when in fact ebay support specifically said they won't credit me anything for my listing fees for listings which were censored intentionally without informing me before hand !!
And after that they dared to say "we value your business and as an eBay seller" and wishing me good health ---- simply outrageous and insulting !!
So what happened: Even though support said they won't credit me anything for the listing fees, seems someone intentionally credited my account without informing me a measly $0.61 (61 cents) just so they'd have an excuse not to refund the illegally and fraudulently charge of $94 for an early termination fee of an eBay store that was CENSORED and useless TO BEGIN WITH !!!

eBay fraudulently charged me $114 for services which they intentionally DID NOT PROVIDE !!!

eBay sabotaged my business and nearly bankrupted me if it wasn't for Amazon ... killing my future and future businesses I would go and create.

eBay lied, stole and abused at every turn

eBay shouldn't have restricted my ability to sell in the US & UK regions since I still had and have top seller status there, or at least they should have informed me before hand !!!! BEFORE comitting to spend money!!!

I went to BBB to no avail, they're useless and eBay just gave me copy-paste templates. More so, I suspect going to BBB is what triggered them to intentionally sabotage me further by crediting my account with $0.61 just so they'd have an excuse not to refund the illegal charges.
They then proceeded to threats that if I don't pay they'll send collection agencies ...

They limited my account and put it on hold.

I paid their fraudulent $117 charge (they put penalties on it) and asked for my account to be reinstated. I asked when will my global seller rating be reset.

NO RESPONSE WHAT-SO-EVER. THEY STOLE MY MONEY AND BURIED ME TO THE GROUND!

I swear, because of this, I'll make it one of my life's purpose to see this thieving and fraudulent company burned into the ground, along with everyone that was complicit to this sabotage, from support members to key people that put such illegal policies into place brought to justice.

And I urge everyone to do the same, everyone who's ever been wronged by eBay, to stand up and bring it to justice! To expose eBay for the thieving, fraudulent, mafia-like monster that it is!

And now my hand twitches uncontrollably due to the levels of stress, outrage and anger these scms have subjected me to.

Sold a working watch band was broke clearly stated it in my listing buyer opens a return says watch don't work wants refund stated in my listing no refunds long story short eBay sided with buyer got refund and kept my 300 dollar Movado watch eBay could care less bout there sellers

They use to be a great place to buy from online, however now eBay got to many scammers on their website. It is hard to find witch sellers are trustworthy and witch ones isn't.

Ebay is great when everything goes completely perfect but in the world of reality that doesn't always happen. We had a buyer who wanted to return an item even though it was a no return item which was discounted down about 60%. The item was above the listed quality and the buyers allegations were above ridiculous. Ebay went in their favor and had me refund them and I ended up losing almost $100 in shipping and marked down cost. Ebay was impossible to work with because after the deal they kept saying the money was not refunded even after I had been. So even after contacting them numerous times and them saying that it was fixed it wasn't. So I am unable to close my account because it says I owe them money. So now they suspended my account which all I want them to do is cancel my account so I can be done with this shady operation. They are so incompetent!

The restrict your accountant waste your time on this site. I just started selling in this site and this company has made it a nightmare with no explanations.

I was overjoyed when i was able to use my device that was blacklisted by at&t as a result of inpaid bills. A seller by name: siralexlpunlocks did the magic for me. Am so happy to broadcast this good news. I promised to help him broadcast this fantastic service.Below is the link to the sellers listing:

Purchased item from vendor. eBay let them play email games till it was to late to get money back even thought they had 6 bad reviews for product from same vendor. Even started taking down bad reviews for vendor
Bruger meget ebay til at bestille ting og sager man ikke vidste man kunne undvære. Er dog blevet snydt en del gange derinde, så derfor tjek altid sælgeren om hans vurderinger og hvor langtid medlemmet har eksisteret som bruger. De har heldigvis en Ebay money back garanti, så pengene fås altid igen.

Der kan købes alt, og den funktion bruger jeg ofte.

Excellent!!!

selling limits - restricted to only business owners mehhhh

likes to cancel auctions with out any valid reasons

poor customer service - no emails, no contacts

full of over priced opportunists e.g.. LV x supreme.....

--------------------------------------------------------------

managed to submit necessary documents to increase the selling limit....

i've to admit eBay is still one of the most visited auction sites

Dream company to work for IT employee. I feel safe, secured and respected as ebay employee. It was ultimate experience.

I use it every day (buyer), if you pay with paypal you'll be ok just be aware from which seller you buy.

get-your-iptv-and-android-boxs-from-ebay-

Suspendieron mi cuenta de Ebay.com , que tenia desde hace 6 anios, trate de comunicarme y no les interesa ayudar a un cliente que no habla ingles.
Realmente una combinacion de groseria , desinteres y mala atencion.

Ebay behandler deres kunder som L... Sender en besked som en kunde har modtaget fra svinder forsendelses firmaet Pitney Bows i en mail til en sælger fordi jeg vil have han sender med nogle andre. Så blokere Ebay min mulighed for at skrive til sælgeren i en uge fordi de mener jeg vil købe uden om Ebay hvilket er nonsens og så varen naturligvis solgt til en anden. Ebay er simpelhen et mega skod firma!

Hvis du overvejer at købe hos Ebay.com vil jeg anbefale at søge på youtube for videoer omkring forsendelses svindler firmaet Pitney Bows Global shipping program.

Very very bad for sellers

I use eBay everyday, because they are the cheapest when things go wrong, you're on your own

Not bad for purchases, but a rip-off if you are selling :(

EBAY: CHANGE "MINIMUM PRICES" TO "MAXIMUM PRICES" IN SEARCH RESULTS

Too many sellers are advertising their products with one price, however, when you click on the ad, the advertised price refers to another product, which has nothing to do with the actual product in the advertisement.

Example:
A shoe advertisement with one price suddenly has a higher price, because one of the items listed under size/version is not a pair of shoes, but of pair of socks.
And this goes on and on in thousands of advertisements on ebay.

Please weed out all these advertisements with false prices and/or make it easy for buyers to alert ebay admins on each page about this problem.

Solution: include the maximum price in search results instead of the current minimum price.

I love eBay. recently I bought some archery arrows (12pcs Turkey Feather Handmade Bamboo Shaft Arrows) that were made very well and they are so strong and light that they are perfect for me. The service given whilst buying them was also good and helped me to find what I was looking for. shipping was quick and efficient.

Jeg har handlet en del på Ebay men ALDRIG mere. Ebay er fuldstændig ligeglade med etik og moral og har opstillet en organisation der kun beskytter deres sælgere og som ikke, i deres sagsbehandling, læser eller tager hensyn til fakta. Har beviser på, at jeg i min sidste tvist med sælger er blevet svindlet. Og Ebay griber ikke ind. Jeg vil opfordre ALLE til skyndsomt at lukke deres konto på Ebay og selv det tager 60 dage.

Oh my I use the eBay.com app all the Tim

Useless customer support. They make it as difficult as possible to sell when you make a slight mistake. No help in sorting my issue just keep repeating same thing over and over.

I usually buy on Ebay, and I must say that this site has allowed me to find many things I couldn't get anywhere else. Buyer protection is, let's say average, since it has always been Paypal what has protected me from scammers and bad deals. Yet, if you want to sell something, things are much different. Only if you are a professional you can get a margin, If not, just by posting your ad you are loosing money, and if you include pictures too. The worst of all, is that you have to be able to sell the item or you'll have to pay for the advert again. If you are not a professional, it's much better to sell in collectors' sites.

Never try to sell anything on EBay!

Because of them, I've lost over $160 because of terrible policies, terrible customer service, and ridiculous fees. Have been a buyer for 10 years. I'm closing my account because of this.

Fun fact everyone, if you just SAY that a product is defective, the buyer cant decline it or do anything about it. Customer service will advise you incorrectly then their escalations team will tell you that because you're not a commercial seller, that you have no seller protection.

If you dont like your product, dont want it, or just because you feel like it, submit a refund request and say the item is defective. You'll rip off the seller and make out like a bandit. That's what happened to me

Excellent Service

Great Company!

VARNING FÖR ATT KÖPA PÅ EBAY.Köpte vara på eBay med all deras garanti. Varorna kom inte och dom hjälper inte till

It's good but it should be better!

My experience with Ebay was wonderful .They refunded my money when I did not receive my purchase even when the seller did not respond and was no help .This is the way all companies should treat their customers.

Not so much happy with my eBay experience. But overall, good enough avenue for finding things I need online.

When everything goes fine it's all great but I had quite a few bad experiences with some sellers which resulted with even worst experiences with eBay's support to back me up.
I never was a seller so I can only speak about my purchasing experience.
They sell a bit of everything from everyone and over the years I learned who to buy from and who to stay away. I still make the occasional mistake but that's a risk I know I'm taking.
Overall, it's a great marketplace especially for old stuff - for example, purchasing a VCR just because I tossed mine away years ago and needed to see some video tapes I had in the attic. For new products I still prefer to purchase them on stores or online on amazon. Trusting strangers to sell me things I can get with a higher degree of trust somewhere else isn't worth the risk.
The 2 starts is because their support isn't that friendly and they made me almost every time go through loops to try to make me step down and quit the complaint.
It serves its purpose in an excellent way... until something goes wrong.

Was able to receive my phone case after 2 weeks. I'm glad our local mailman did not lost it. Thank you :)

I used the website for years. It's a shame that ebay sends a label and even following all the procedures suggested online "they" cannot trace it. Good website to buy until you have a problem. On that day you are on your own. If contacting the buyer it's impossible, ebay will do nothing to help.

Modtager pludselig en mail, hvor en sælger på Ebay skriver tak for købet og prisen ( ca. 215) vil blive hævet via PayPal.

Skriver til sælger og Ebay, at det må være en fejl, har ikke bestilt noget, er på ferie og har slet ikke været i nærheden af noget Internet på det tidspunkt.
Skriver til Paypal, at de ikke skal betale varen og at jeg for øvrigt ikke kan komme ind på min konto. Får et svar tilbage om at jeg kan logge ind på min konto og læse svaret. HVOR TÅBELIGT.

Varen bliver betalt og da jeg kommer hjem, ringer jeg til Paypal Danmark, som siger, det ikke er deres transaktion.
Siger, lettere irriteret, at der altså står deres navn ud for de hævede penge og får så at vide, at en sælger, bare kan oprette en midlertidig konto hos dem og så kan pengene hæves gennem dem.
Er målløs og vred, det ligger da lige til højre benet på en svindler, hvor svært kan det så være for dem.
Ved at Paypal ikke har givet nogen mine visa kort oplysninger, fordi de ikke har dem, så det kan kun være Ebay, hvor jeg sagde ja, da de ville gemme mine kort oplysninger, stolede på, de ikke ville misbruge dem, men er så blevet det klogere.

De skrev at nogen måtte have brugt mine oplysninger, men NEJ – havde lige skiftet kodeord til Ebay og hvis nogen havde stjålet mine Visa kort oplysninger, ville de da have bestilt en masse – ikke kun et PC spil.
Og først lige skiftet Visa kort her 2 måneder efter.

Skrev også til Ebay kunde service og fik en mail med et tlf. nummer og tænkte, det nok var et gratis nummer, men nej, det kostede mig lige 85 kr. og alt jeg fik ud af det var, at de sagde, de ville oprette en sag, har siden mødt folk, der smiler, de siger den ryger lige i papirkurven lige efter, har de nok ret i, har endnu intet hørt efter 2 måneder.
Mangler også stadig nogle varer, bestilt for 3 måneder siden.

Så min tillid til Ebay ligger på et lille sted.

Hilsen Per

Never had a problem with eBay. Whenever an item hasn't went to plan they are quick enough to resolve the situation. Wish other companies were as good as them.

I really don't know what to think about ebay because i had both ugly and great experiences. You have to be really careful when buying items. Make sure you do a good research before you buy anything

Someone hacked my eBay account and despite the fact that they were in a hurry to make wild purchases and didn't speak English like I do (the person who actually owned the account) and described themselves as a man trying to buy eBay reviews for their wife (I am a woman!) eBay allowed all the transactions to go through. I even messaged the seller to stop! I closed the damn account. EBay clearly has ZERO security measures. Then the company said they were launching an investigation, this happened a few months ago and to THIS DAY nothing was actually being done. EBay just wanted their cut of the purchases and did absolutely nothing about everything, had I not specifically told them to close my account I'd be a victim of burglary to this day. Awful. I wouldn't recommend ANYONE join this cite. They have no security, and don't give a crap about the customers who get screwed over daily. If anyone you care about is on that website I'd recommend you tell them to shut down their account.

its okay lots of cheap sutff but some overprice

Ebay provides very good services.

Too many restrictive nanny tools and too many hidden fees. Really not worth it to list items on Ebay. You end up getting charged as much as at a physical auction house. Goodbye Ebay. Never again.

Очень хороший интернет магазин. Все есть, удобно!

wonderful
i've been a user for almots 18 years with more than 1500 purchases from all over the world !
stunning
problem free
long life to EBAY

Good solution, but reviews need more enhancements

I have had the chance to purchase several items off of eBay. Most of the times, the service has been satisfactory. What I've never been able to understand is why the bidding process often automatically outbids the highest bidder. It is obvious it is an auto occurrence, but is it all about not meeting the minimum asking price? Surely there should be a better way of handling that, no?

Always cheap products from all over the world!

Lost 67,49 €. Buyer protection is non-existent. Never again (obviously).

Sale fils de puta vous ne faites que mentir sur cos commandes. Achat depuis plus de deux semaines je n’ai pas encore cela. Et la date d’expira Est expirée depuis la première semaine, et je n’ai toujours pas été remboursé. Sale fils de puta. Mauvais site 🖕🏿🖕🏿🖕🏿🖕🏿

ebay provides best mobile covers. Happy with it.

I buy stuff on eBay and all deliver except one. But time, while you wait for delivery, is so large

Never buy your stuff from here! You wont recieve it!!
Wasted about 650 DKK, which is around 110 Dollars!
Amazon never failed me though!

Great for buying collectibles.

Excellent website.

I am using eBay very frequently and I have never had any problems with eBay themself, just some sellers. I have heard that if there is any problems they will give you a refund nearly right away.

Good online webshopping site!


I really like with using Ebay, salesmen are very neighbourly and responsive

Originally I trusted eBay to sell an iPhone I had because I figured they were a huge reliable and professional service but I was wrong. I sold my item for $400 and paid eBay their fee that they immediately requested even though I still hadn't gotten paid my money. I checked my PayPal account and it showed the payment was pending. I also thought PayPal was a reliable service to check that the funds were coming from a legitimate bank account so I sent the phone to the buyer. I did everything I was required to do. In the end, after the phone was delivered to this buyer, PayPal cancelled the payment due to me and eBay told me there was nothing they could do either. I basically got scammed by both of these so-called professional services.

Buying here for years and never had any problems. If not to mention the delivery time which sometimes can take a few weeks it’s a perfect shopping site.


I HAVE BEEN BUYING FROM EBAY FOR YEARS AND SAVING LOTS OF MONEY. ALOT OF STUFF I HAVE BOUGHT IS HARD TO FIND OR EVEN RARE. ONLY HAD 1 DELIVERY PROBLEM= I ORDERED A DVD FROM A NEW ZEALAND MERCHANT AND ... IT NEVER ARRIVED! AFTER A COUPLE OF CALLS AND COMPLAINT EMAILS, CUSTOMER SERVICE ISSUED A REFUND.

Use with caution. Ebay is a great way to get items cheap, but you can also get scammed as well. Because they use PayPal as their middle man for payment, and PayPal is a terrible service, Ebay will make it difficult to get your refund back if the item in question is not what you ordered/described. Also, this works both ways as a seller and buyer. Use at your own risk!

Over the last 6 months or so I have received quite suddenly notice that my Password is not recognised. Over literally dozens of times this is not corrected on line. Eventually I speak to a girl I can barely understand ,she eventually gets me back on line. Nest time I might log in/might not.
Currently I can do nothing. I get a string of verification codes. no comment just another code. I have sent them my phone number but I hear nothing from the faceless,gutless bast. They are losing business I have items listed for sale. I am buggered. I just want an English speaking accent free man to talk with me and if necessary allow me to start from scratch using the same E Mail. I AM NOT changing that again

Just avoid if you wanna sell digital goods.

For selling items that can be tracked, ill put this score 2/5.

always great

Nice and awesome products

Terrible. I buy and sell rare coins. About 10% of their sellers peddle fake coins. Ebay doesn't care or protect. I spend half my life on the phone with ebay and their incompetent partners paypal and USPS. It's a daily mess. Their fees are a joke. They sent all their jobs overseas. You will endure transfer after transfer from one incompetent rep to another and they do not protect the buyers. I get about 1 fake per week and they insist I send the coin back to the con artist selling them so he can do it again. It's a nightmare. The federal trade commission should shut them down as well as the ttc. This company is a first class scam. They are ripping off people daily. They also read your emails, private messages, etc. I will be calling the federal trade commission and I think everyone should. It's time to shut them down.

Been using ebay for years and has been Really good. But apparently all good things must come to an end. After recieving and item that is not as described and useless too Me. And seller wont work with Me. I contact ebay support. Several times i get asked to send documentation. Several times i do so. In the end i make screenshots of all allready being uploaded to ebay and visible in the case history.
Just to get the answer that case has been closed and all just to bad for me. Been using ebay because it Was suppose to be safe But Big mistake and cost me more than 2000 DKK plus additionally 3000 DKK too the garage for fitting the correct item that Also needed too pay additionally. I complain and show all proof again. But like an automated machine just keep Getting the same answer. No materiale recieved.

I Also use wish ALOT and one Got a camera that i could not make work. I ask i am doing something wrong. They quickly reply my money is being returned. I answer that i dont Think anything is wrong and politely ask Them to stop the refund and give it some time. Meanwhile i Was told my micro sd card Was too Big. I Then write this to wish. They just write Me that They hope it is only problem and refund money anyway. Dont Wanna get cheated But for sure never cheat anyone!

Oplevelsen var lige så god som underholdning for vi verdens hårdeste bananer/verdens rigtigste mænd som f.eks. ANAL CUNT MORBID FLORIST på YOUTUBE.....syng med!

I've been a customer of ebay for years and find it to mostly be a simple inexpensive process but in the last year I have had a few experiences that have been unpleasant. The 1st incident involved a difficult seller sending a defective item and after 2 weeks of seemingly smooth communication where we came to an agreement, the seller asked for a positive review before returning my money and never returned my money. The next 2 were both issues with The ebay app and customer service. The 2nd incident was when my ebay account was hacked according to what I saw on the app. Customer service was contacted and notified that there were multiple changes unknowingly made on my account such as the shipping address and phone number were different from mine. There were also multiple searches that were very different from anything I would've or had searched. However, ebay customer service was oblivious to what was happening saying they couldn't see any of these attempts on someones part to hack my account. It took 3 days if my persistence with customer service to get complete resolution. The last incident occurred when the app was glitching. Specifically, my cart of 2 inexpensive items were cleared out when it was time for me to check out. So I had to re enter the items 2 times because it happened twice. When I checked out I was sure to check that I was only purchasing the 2 items I wanted and not multiples. Once I completed the purchase I received a confirmation email confirming that I purchased the 2 items. 2 days later I checked my bank account and learned that I was double charged. I contacted ebay customer service to explain the issue in hopes of their resolution. They were once again unaware of what I was saying saying they see I purchased 4 item(2 of each). I assured them that it must've been a mistake because I received a confirmation email from then saying I only purchased 2 items. I spoke with a representative and a supervisor who both wanted me to contact the 2 sellers and explain it to them what happened since the items were being shipped. I have been with ebay long enough to know that this is their way of making this my fault. So, I asked if they (ebay) could just stop the 2nd set of items from being shipped and charged since it was a system issue. I also let then know realistically it can take weeks to get resolution through sellers and sometimes sellers can be difficult to communicate with and who would pay for the shipping. Furthermore, my attempts to resolve this issue was to contact ebay directly because it was NOT my fault nor the sellers. Ebay said they couldnt help with the issue and I would have to pay for the shipping. Really?!? I didn't order double items and never expected to be double charged so why would I be responsible for paying for the return shipping. The supervisor again said it would be my responsibility to contact the seller and explain the issue to them and return them. Before 2017, my experience with ebay was fine but after these series of events especially the last one, I will discontinue my business with ebay and shop elsewhere where I am appreciated and treated with respect. Not blamed and made to be responsible for things I didn't do or spend hours of time attempting to resolve miniscule problems.

I have been a TOP SELLER in both the United States and the UK.
Because of scamming buyers and the fact tracking wasn't available, some demanded full refund for non receipt. I offered to re-send product, but instead of responding, they just escalated to eBay.

And for this, 6 of these cases out of 670, eBay punished me by making my Global Seller Rating: Below Average. Just one case was actually in the global region, the rest were in the US/UK/Germany.

I thought it won't matter since I was still a TOP SELLER in the US & UK. WROOOONG

I started selling on eBay again, subscribed to an eBay store subscription and to my HORROR I saw no one was even finding my listings!!! I couldn't find them in search either!!!

eBay support repeteadly said BOGUS reasons, that it's because I'm searching my own listings, because people from other regions see other results, but that's NOT IT! Before I could find them!

TURNS OUT just because my global seller status dropped below average, not only no one from worldwide can see my listings in search results, BUT NO ONE FROM THE REGIONS I STILL HAVE TOP SELLER STATUS CAN FIND MY LISTINGS EITHER !!!!

EBAY INTENTIONALLY SABOTAGED AND CENSORED MY LISTINGS WITHOUT EVEN INFORMING ME BEFORE NOT ONLY PAYING $$$$ FOR MANY EBAY LISTING FEATURES TO BE SHOWN EVERYWHERE, BUT NOT EVEN INFORMING ME NO ONE WILL BE ABLE TO FIND MY LISTINGS BEFORE SUBSCRIBING TO THEIR STORE SUBSCRIPTION !!!!!

I tried everything, contacted them over x20 times ... NOTHING!!!! It's like they intentionally want to sabotage us!

I tried to cancel the eBay store subscription and to my HORROR it wanted to charge me $94 for early termination fee !!!! FOR WHAT ?!?!?! THEY ALREADY CHARGED US $20 FOR A STORE THAT IS CENSORED AND HIDDEN AND BASICALLY FOR A SERVICE NOT PROVIDED !!!!!!!!

•	I contacted Support to cancel the early termination fee, and support said to cancel my subscription and have my account charged $94 and to contacted them again for a refund.
•	When I contacted them for a refund, they said I'd have to wait until next month when the invoice arrives, to "try and request a crediting of my account and hope it gets approved" .... TO TRY AND REQUEST ?!?!? As if it's at their discretion to commit fraud and theft for services not provided ?!?!?!?!?
•	I contacted them next month, they didn't reply, had to pester them and eventually told me they're sorry they can't refund me anything because my account has been credited last month, when in fact ebay support specifically said they won't credit me anything for my listing fees for listings which were censored intentionally without informing me before hand !!
And after that they dared to say "we value your business and as an eBay seller" and wishing me good health ---- simply outrageous and insulting !!
So what happened: Even though support said they won't credit me anything for the listing fees, seems someone intentionally credited my account without informing me a measly $0.61 (61 cents) just so they'd have an excuse not to refund the illegally and fraudulently charge of $94 for an early termination fee of an eBay store that was CENSORED and useless TO BEGIN WITH !!!

eBay fraudulently charged me $114 for services which they intentionally DID NOT PROVIDE !!!

eBay sabotaged my business and nearly bankrupted me if it wasn't for Amazon ... killing my future and future businesses I would go and create.

eBay lied, stole and abused at every turn

eBay shouldn't have restricted my ability to sell in the US & UK regions since I still had and have top seller status there, or at least they should have informed me before hand !!!! BEFORE comitting to spend money!!!

•	I went to BBB to no avail, they're useless and eBay just gave me copy-paste templates. More so, I suspect going to BBB is what triggered them to intentionally sabotage me further by crediting my account with $0.61 just so they'd have an excuse not to refund the illegal charges.
•	They then proceeded to threats that if I don't pay they'll send collection agencies ...

•	They limited my account and put it on hold.

•	I paid their fraudulent $117 charge (they put penalties on it) and asked for my account to be reinstated. I asked when will my global seller rating be reset.

•	NO RESPONSE WHAT-SO-EVER. THEY STOLE MY MONEY AND BURIED ME TO THE GROUND!

I swear, because of this, I'll make it one of my life's purpose to see this thieving and fraudulent company burned into the ground, along with everyone that was complicit to this sabotage, from support members to key people that put such illegal policies into place brought to justice.

And I urge everyone to do the same, everyone who's ever been wronged by eBay, to stand up and bring it to justice! To expose eBay for the thieving, fraudulent, mafia-like monster that it is!

And now my hand twitches uncontrollably due to the levels of stress, outrage and anger these scms have subjected me to.

Ebay is a good website to get cheap used items however lately the auction process makes products to end up becoming more expensive than what is obtainable from craiglist and other peer to peer sellings sites

I'll been purchasing on Ebay for the last 5 years but recently I noticed the product I received is a knock-off to bad.....

Cheap prices and good quality . You should buy from top rated sellers.

Never had problems with eBay.

Be very careful! I have been both satisfied and disappointed with ebay! I would say 50:50! Online shopping is a very risky business.

The number of times I've been cheated on this site - fake products purporting to be genuine, buyers who never send money. Sellers who never send products. Arrogant customer service operatives in Philippines who talk over you. I don't touch ebay anymore - I'd rather pay more elsewhere and get what I ask for

I like the way they have not changed much on the website since when it came out and it is easier to use then craigs list.

LetGo is Craigs List bastard cousin! Most of the people that are selling items are hooked on Opioids.

Don't waste your time. My husband tried after they dropped my ad,after 12 hrs. ,dropped his as well. Offering new items, looks like they are a scam.

Got a brick iPhone. Letgo is no help!!! No recouse. no support. the sellers are virtually anonymous.

I've sold brand new items with a lot of detail and pictures. Most still in boxes and still selling in stores. I just don't have my receipt to return them and the only offers Ive gotten from EVERY customer is a FRACTION of its worth. And I've already lowered the prices but half of what I paid just to get them selling. STILL people offer $10 for an item I mark for $75, that's in stores for $150. And I tell them its barely used or new in box and still!!! UUUUGGH then they make ME feel like the idiot.

I have sold several small, low-priced items thru this app (about $30 per sale on average.) I'm reviewing as a seller, as I have never been a buyer on this site. Overall, it's fairly straightforward, and if you're serious and do make your messages and intentions to the interested parties clear and fast, you'll probably sell at least some of your stuff some of the time. I did. One major complaint: you can't stop the crazies and the flakes. I had a woman named Gertrude Salli make an agreement to purchase an item only to flake out 20 mins prior to our meeting time. Then, after messaging me about her sudden flake-out, she blocked me from contacting her, totally without reason or provocation!!! I hadn't even complained to her when she canceled our meeting! She blocked me simply to prevent me from giving her a well-deserved low rating. I reported her total misuse of the blocking feature, as well as her flakiness. You'll come across a lot of these types of folks on letgo, I'm sorry to say. You may have some luck on this app, but whatever you do, avoid the seller Gertrude Salli for certain.

I have sold several small, low-priced items thru this app (about $30 per sale on average.) I'm reviewing as a seller, as I have never been a buyer on this site. Overall, it's fairly straightforward, and if you're serious and do make your messages and intentions to the interested parties clear and fast, you'll probably sell at least some of your stuff some of the time. I did. One major complaint: you can't stop the crazies and the flakes. I had a woman named Gertrude Salli make an agreement to purchase an item only to flake out 20 mins prior to our meeting time. Then, after messaging me about her sudden flake-out, she blocked me from contacting her, totally without reason or provocation!!! I hadn't even complained to her when she canceled our meeting! She blocked me simply to prevent me from giving her a well-deserved low rating. I reported her total misuse of the blocking feature, as well as her flakiness. You'll come across a lot of these types of folks on letgo, I'm sorry to say. You may have some luck on this app, but whatever you do, avoid the seller Gertrude Salli for certain.

Found what I wanted,contacted seller,she asked my address, the web page went frozen, so I or olost my item.

I wasted a lot of time creating adds on letgo. I have not sold a single item through letgo and they delete your adds without good reason. I created one add for a couch and one for a love seat - originally I worded them similarly and they deleted the couch add saying it was a duplicate. I then recreated the couch add being very careful to word it very different, they then deleted my loveseat add saying again it was a duplicate. t
This all happened while I was moving and had to sell things quickly - what a waste of time. Try Offerup, the app works much better and things actually sell on their site

i post an item on this app try it out all i get is scammer texting me all day WTF what kind of app is this?

Hard to found something,most sellers are retailers,others never answers,never has price,bunch of junk

First, let's get something out of the way. I'm a skeptic's skeptic. If an individual/ business/ org/ site/ process/ program/ app is full of $#*!, they'll never pass my sniff test. When I read some of the reviews below was not surprised. No matter if it's Amazon, eBay, Craigslist, Letgo or any other site, many millions of American consumers lack common sense and good judgement. Consequently, they end as victims and unwilling participants in all sorts of online shenanigans. Chances are better than excellent that if they got screwed on Letgo it was at least partly their own fault.

Now about Letgo.

The Good:
I've now listed several dozen items on Letgo from our garage and attic. We even listed items during our recent tag sale. The app is fairly simple to use. Posting is relatively quick and easy. It's also fairly simple to communicate via messaging in the app. The rating system is basic and a nice idea, but many people have not or have never better rates so it isn't all that useful just yet.

We have sold at least a dozen items now faster than Craigslist (same item listed both places, same time) and faster than at tag sales. Not too shabby.

The idiots who complain about lack of cell information aren't the brightest bulbs. Who the hell gives out their phone number unnecessarily? Use common sense.

The Bad:
Developers apparently thought users would be so incredibly lazy as to need quick reply buttons with preset phrases and no 2-step process of select and send. They placed these red buttons directly above the keyboard where users can easily accidentally press them. As a result, you'll occasionally send "quick" messages to users which you did not intend to send. And you'll send a couple more messages apologizing for the error....thus rendering these buttons an inconvenient pain in the ass. For large fingered individuals such as myself, this happens often even when taking great care. Those buttons need to go.

Next, categories. Letgo lacks a decent set of categories. Too fee and too specific. Consequently, you are forced to put your automotive tools into a stupid unrelated category such as Home & Garden. Was it really that difficult for the developers to visit Craigslist just to see and then recreate its basic but effective list of categories? It isn't a patentable feature. There is no excuse.

Next, changing ad titles. Apparently someone somewhere in Letgo Land has been authorized to fck with your ad titles. That's right....shortly after you submit your ad, some schmuck somewhere at Letgo decides what *s/he* wants to call your ad...and they edit your ad title without your permission. Often making it too generic to be useful. Fortunately you have the ability to change the title back to whatever you had previously. It's annoying, Letgo Overlords. Cut the bullsht.

Next, bullsht buyers. Unfortunately, you'll encounter asshles everywhere you go. They exist on Letgo too. We've encountered idiots who attempt to bully people into selling.That's right...they actually think they can pressure you into taking their shtty lowball offers. They'll also ask questions that had been clearly answered in the ad...because these lazy ass morons never read the ads before contacting sellers. Then there are the always-pleasant buyers who ask a thousand questions, expect immediate answers and never follow through. To be fair this is a problem with Craigslist buyers too.

The Ugly:
It appears Letgo *may* be using fake accounts to generate a false impression of interest in an effort to get people to sell/stay on their app.

It's a tactic straight out of the online dating industry. Fake accounts that interact with users in an attempt to eventually upsell them from free to paid services.

When you wonder why, over the next several months, hundreds of Letgo "users" favorite your items without once inquiring about them, or attempting to make an offer...you'll understand why I believe this might be true. I could be wrong. There could be hundreds of people who simply favorite items that they might like and never follow through with inquiring about them for any number of reasons. Time will tell, but if at some point it is revealed that Letgo used fake accounts to generate interest...you read it here first!

Lastly, the user interface is poorly organized for browsing. Letgo should implement better filtering. Until then you'll be forced to scroll through hundreds of shtty ads for utterly useless stuff in an attempt to find what you want.

So, folks, that is my initial take. Some good, some not. With a little patience, a little caution and some common sense, Letgo isn't bad. It's another app to add to your list of apps where you can quickly buy and sell crap as needed.

I dislike this app, deal with 3 phones, when driving to the location to meet them, none of them showed up. After that, they gave either good excuses or silent.
Waste of my time and effort to drive there...

I was not sure about this app. but took a chance and listed my apt. size washer and dryer. The same day a man responded for information, we went back and forth with questions and answers.I was honest about the unit, the dryer did not working correctly. Within the hour the man pulled up in front of my home, cash in hand, loaded the unit on his pickup truck and we said goodbye. I dance around the house for a while, it felt great. I feel bad for your experience but if others want to try it, I am a witness! Letgo is not fake!

Why? You cant contact users via a cell phone. This is the worst feature ever. Who sits around with an app opened just waiting to get a response. If I am allowed to put my cell phone then the buyer can text me ASAP to buy my item. I literally hate this app. Also they have the quick click phases that makes it easy for buyers to click silly request such as is this item available I got this request as soon as I posted, within minutes... I hate this app.
.

This little punk named: Colin Sold me a coin slot machine that did not work he said it worked just fine. I will never buy anything off offer up without actually seeing at work. He was a real scum of the earth!!. I guess I come from an old school where you trust people and doing business the proper way but this little punk needs his ass kicked !!!!!!!!!
G.P
Indianapolis Indiana

Buyer beware you will definitely come across a bunch of lowlifes on this website they will definitely rip you off if you do not adhere to all the rules of letgo for example do not send checks for as little as $15 they will rip you off careful of them sending you checks to cash for them and keep an extra 50 or $100 for yourself just send them the rest of the money that's an old scam but they used it on letgo again the website is really good for getting rid of stuff that's too big but still has some value left in it definitely worthwhile keep it local Cod don't trust anybody

Let go like other sites attracts some idiots. The kind of people who get kicks wasting other people's time. My way of dealing with anyone on Let go, CL, or any other freebie advertising site is as follows. First of all there is no magic formula for dealing with idiots who want to waste your time. I try to add as much info as possible in the item description. I always state my price is firm, no trades, no low ball offers. Of course some morons ignore the info and ask stupid questions regardless. For those people I generally delete the chat and block if possible. Again no magic wand can eliminate all the idiots. As for meeting with potential buyers. My advice is to greatly limit how much time you are willing to waste. Small items you should always pick a busy public place. Preferably one with cameras. I have a Walmart very close to my house and it is perfect for meeting people. If you have a shady buyer, it is a pretty good deterant when they are aware of heavy foot traffic and everything is on camera. Dont let yourself be talked into a different meet point. If the buyer really wants your stuff, they will find a way to get there. When I have a potential buyer. I always use my designated meeting spot. Your ideal spot should be 3 to 5 minutes from home. I give the buyer 5 minutes extra time to show up and then I'm gone. This limits my wasted time to 10 minutes or less and virtually zero drive time and wasted gas. I'm aware that some sellers may be tight on funds and there for think they need to accommodate the buyers wishes on location. Trying to be the nice seller who meets halfway or even takes the item to the buyer is going to result in massive time wastage at best, and serious problems at worst. Remember just because the buyer said they will meet you. Your deal isnt done until you have captured your full funds. They may no show you. They may make you drive out of your way and then low ball you figuring you will bend to make the sale. Not worth it in my eyes. Your dealing with strangers, flakes, lowballers, etc. Limit your loss of time from flakes and you will keep your sanity. Good luck.

The app is great, it's just most sellers not putting detail, price too high, and they expect results. Some sellers just not responding.
Buyers ask questions and when seller respond they don't reply. Some said they will come and never show up. Some trust no one, some never give phone #. I always give phone # to show sincerity. I once drove 1 1/2 hours and the seller wasn't home, It's not the app, it's the people using it!

I have listed several items and never got a responce until i complained then all i get it item still available. When i reply yes i never hear from them again. Plus one person thought i was in stocton when im in yuba city never heard from her again i really dont think this is real just a way to get info from people.

This App is horrible. There is no detail about the item being sold. Black and Red plugin device????? Really what is that. It is a simple App for simple people. Buy, Buy Letgo.

every single time I ask if its available or if I can still buy, the person will either mark it for sale right away or never respond. If im selling however, people will ask for me to drop my prices to ridiculously low prices, ask if they can have it for free or want to trade something like a $#*!ing pokemon card for an Xbox! Its crazy. The worst part is how it seems almost everyone says they will meet up but when they are supposed to, they never do and then never reply. Poole are trying to wast e your time.

I can list the things for sale but never are able to reply to any of the emails regarding the item, I don't see any comments or interest in said items, on my iphone or ipad or computer.

I've tried listing stuff on letgo, including a jacket I don't wear anymore, NFL apparel because I'm not a football fan, and my WWE necklaces. Here's the problem with letgo: People take forever and a day to respond or they don't respond at all, or they just waste your time. I'm using letgo to sell my stuff that I no longer want, not to play games with people and having my time wasted.

My advice is to sell your stuff on eBay or Craigslist. Letgo you should avoid like the plague.

I absolutely love this site. Just like craigslist or any other site you get out of it what you put into it. I find products I meet the folks I pay I pick up simple.

People trying to buy when they are trying to sell is just retarded I put brand new gray Jordan's someone wanted to buy so I took offer and I went to meet as soon as I met up and they looked at the shoes she said Oh I thought they were white when they look Gray on the picture it is ridiculous it's a joke I drove all the way to meet and that's what happens I think they were trying to do a jack move on me but I would have caught a case for beating her up for trying to steal from me she even met me by freeway sketchy right be careful on that parasite app it will attract pest

Might as well put garbage in here cause people want everything for free or wanna haggle all prices . Ive posted items that are worth 500 or better at half price and people have the nerve to offer half of half . Next time Ill post my trash or just stop using this site period .

Last week i am not allowed anymore to post and get messages on Letgo ! Ridiculous, i believe everyone is facing the same issue. Look for another app !

Omg where to start. This site, at least in my case attracts criminals and manipulators worse than Craigslist.

No one monitors properly when someone sells an item it will still be posted and to many ppl put items in free section that in fact are not free and never was intended to be e free.

Depends on what your looking for and what your selling. I have bought and got good results and good prices. I have meant some really nice people too. I had some bites on my products. Was left hanging once. Mostly I am satisfied and will continue use Letgo.

This thing is nothing but bots. At about the same time each night I get one or two queries about an item I have up for sale. Nothing more, no response after that. They are either paid employee's or scripted bots trying to make you think this app is active.

I have been pretty successful but primarily when I am selling things ready for the dump. I've noticed that is really what people are selling...lots of weird worthless crap.
I've sold lots of furniture at very reasonable prices because I know I don't want to work hard to get a booth and sell it myself at a flea market. If you analyze your options often the best is giving away free or reduce price. Then I get real interest and items are out of my life. It's possible that less success might mean you are unrealistic about how you are pricing things.

ridiculous waste of time! I'm going back to CL! At least you can dialog with the seller there. Letgo, you're fired!!!

We pay for a bump up. Its there for less than 20 minutes and the item we can't find the item.this is a rip off

I've tried to purchase a stove, a refrigerator, a fan, and kitchen supplies - to no avail. Either I get, "oh, it's already sold, but here's something else." Only to find out it's already sold also. I also say I'm interested and either no one replies or they tell me they are selling it for their father, brother, mother, boss ... and contact them. But if you're selling it for them, then why do I have to contact them in the first place. I ended up buying everything from Craigslist. Who knew Craigslist would be a hundred times easier.

I posted some tires for sale and noticed the only time I got a response was whrn I paid the $1.99 extra. I had several messages but no one ever responded after I answered them back. This happened like 8 times already!!! Very aggravated because I've spent $4.00 already trying to sell something on a free app!!!

Frustrating because, I requested "help" from the site as I couldn't reply to chat messages and all I got was a few robotic response, none were of any help in solving the issue!
Annoying because after numerous emails requesting that they have deleted my profile it remains as is.
A pointless service.

This site is a joke! Had every person not serious about my item for sale!! Will never use this site again!!!

People are contacting and if they don't like the price, they flag your item.
I posted few items that been marked as "SOLD" which I never marked them as sold and you cant change it, than if you want to repost it, it will discard your post due to duplication.
you better of taking your chances on craigslist.
I pot one star cause I have to mark one, but they don't deserve any!!!!

Of the many things I have tried to sell at fantastic prices all I get is lowballing asshats who bother me with "Is it still available" or they offer me HALF of what I am asking. They dont respond back when i say yes it's still available, come look. I even bump up my listing for 1.99 and that's a joke, it only moves it to the top of the list and only stays there until people list their stuff which is quite a lot of merchandise so you get bumped back down in no time. I learned my lesson after paying 2x. No more Let Go for me, they should rename it to Hold onto your stuff because people want your stuff for free

Setup is a nightmare, and very intrusive. Asks for too much information about location from the very start. I wrote them saying that they need to simplify the process to something more like Craigslist, where everything you need to add, edit or delete is at one spot. I found it a problem to have to reveal your specific location immediately. I did get a potential buyer, but could not hook up with that person because I registered Letgo at a PC, and the software did not sync to my tablet. I may try again, but probably will not now that I see from the other ratings most people agree with me in some way, shape or form.

Bunch of tire kickers. Kids and bums that would never be on the site if it wasnt in the phone when they bought them... I even post... First line "18+ and NO TRADES"..... Just fkn ignore me every time "I trade you a mountain bike" _ go kill yourself asshats

I have been on letgo for months and more than anything I get people that ask a question and no one answers back! Why is that happening? I came to the conclusion that letgo used he's employees to send messages to us "Sales people" to keep you thinking there's customer's in the other side interested in buying but "NO ONE ANSWERS BACK !! Now you can't delete your profile picture WHY??? I have someone sending messages interested but at the end nothing happens!!!

I posted a deer stand for sale or trade and took time and effort to get really good pictures of it and someone reported it immediately, although it is allowed to sell on letgo. Only firearms and "related" are not allowed. WASTE OF TIME. Only good thing to say about it is I had a few decent sales. But most people don't respond to a message or try to lowball the hell out of you.

I'm going to include some detail here, because I think that is necessary in order for people reading this review to get a clear sense of the issues that I have experienced with Letgo. I have some furniture that I need to sell, and was excited to learn about Letgo. I was selling a number of different pieces, which came as a set, but which I did not think I could sell as a set. So I posted each *different* piece, with photos and descriptions of each, (in other words, there was no way these pieces could be mistaken for each other.) In the text of each post I mentioned that the whole set could be purchased for less than purchasing each item individually.
After putting in a lot of time and effort to include great photos and a complete description of the pieces, I found that someone had almost immediately flagged me for supposedly fraudulent behavior -- apparently they didn't look closely, and decided that I had posted the same item multiple times. Okay, so I changed it to one post for the whole set, with an explanation that the items could also be purchased individually.
And then, having learned that lesson, I proceeded to do the same thing for an office set that I also need to sell, (posted it as one set, rather than offering the individual pieces.)
And finally, I posted a couch. Today, I received a couple of messages from an interested buyer. I replied, but was surprised to see that he was listed as being from New York, so I asked him about that, because I am not able to ship these items.
I mention these specifics, because I don't know what Letgo decided I'd done wrong this time, because they didn't bother to tell me, but the next thing I know, in the middle of this potential sale, without warning or explanation, Letgo apparently deleted my entire account.
I am left guessing as to the reason for this. Based on the fact that there are *two* warnings appended after the potential buyer's responses, warning me to "be careful when exchanging phone/email details", (we hadn't done so), and inviting me to block the potential buyer (why??), I am left guessing that some nasty person must have gone out of their way to flag me, (erroneously, as I never did post any item more than once), or that somehow my question about the general location of the potential buyer somehow broke some obscure rule.
My biggest issue is that I wasn't warned, explanations were not given, and after all the time I put into posting in good faith and with honest and careful detail, Letgo decided to terminate my account in the middle of a potential sale. A potential loss for both me and the buyer.
Really bad policies, Letgo. I am a legit and almost ridiculously rule-abiding poster, and if I could so easily fall afoul of your policies, then I stand as a warning to others.
I wasted more time trying to find answers to what had happened to my account, when I found that my account had apparently been deleted abruptly, (just one day after I posted my items), in part because I couldn't believe this had actually happened. And because I was in the middle of a potential sale.
But in the end, I realized I was just throwing good time after bad -- Letgo is a rotten apple, and after wasting much of my time, I found that it was just sucking up more.
My advice? Don't waste your time with Letgo!

Anthony Sims did not provide a physical home address. His cell phone was advertised as UNLOCKED. When I put my sim card the carrier I inserted was not supported. Please be aware that this is not good to have a not return policy. There are people that will do anything to unload a bad product that will destroy Letgo's reputation and will loose future business if they are for profit.
transaction that shows is 201.I lost $230. for a lousy iphone 5s.

I have bought and sold many time using the app. The only errors are human ones. Communication is key. Being polite even when someone doesn't appreciate what you have to sell pays off in less frustration and creates a positive future relationship for selling similar items. A very useful tool for selling jewelry, antiques, etc.

No one ever comes through. The automated response "is it still available? " hits your chat box 12 times a day and no one ever responds. If they do respond they lead you on for a day and a half wanting to meet and you never hear from them again. Only one person seemed particularly interested and kept trying to talk me down off a severely diminished price. The man insisted I was being an ass for a never opened item we bought for the kids and they didn't want, when we posted it for less than half store price. Terrible customers, no result.

There is scams with people who try to rip you off. Be careful when you attempt to do a car purchase, many people are dishonest. There are parties who use females/males as their negotiators. Recent experience with a Brisa Cisneros who lied on the title being clean, and it turned out to be a salvage vehicle.

Want something for nothing. Waste your time scheduling, reschedule expect you to drive to them for $5. Are they FC! I'll burn it first.

When used as intended, just fine. I have sold a few things to extremely fair and nice, personable people. They showed up on time and we exchanged item/$ then we all went about our business. However, I have also had quite a few people agree on a time and place to meet then never show up (WHAT is that about? Why bother and pretend to be interested in an item if you have no intention to show up?) which is an INCREDIBLE waste of my time and so rude, I have had a lady insist I take my item off because she was definitely going to come pick it up then block me (again, I was totally befuddled... Why? What was her endgame?), people agreeing to come pick up an item and never show..... and SO many people asking if something is available... Then never responding when I reply that it indeed is. And overall, people just want free sh*t..90% of the things I have gotten rid of through this was because it was free.. So.. occasionally works as intended. Mostly crappy experience.

I have purchased many item from Letgo and one Idiot seller reported me as a scammer because I asked to ship item cause he was far away shame that some are complete $#*!s as him.

There is an option to add more pictures, however, it rarely works for me to do so. Doesn't matter how many times I try. Until they fix it, use Offerup, I've never had an issue them.

I saw a single item that seemed more like a joke. After I opened the sellers item I started to get weird and inappropriate messages from what seemed to be the seller. The messages continued until I realized I could block them so I did. I haven't used app much sent from fear of the same. It seems there maybe users who want to be funny and most definitely are not. Just be ware that not everyone wants to sell some people want to be funny.

I posted a new garage door with full mechanisms for 200 dollars. And they said my post was not acceptable. What is wrong with them?

So furious! Used this app to sell my IPhone 6Plus and was robbed!!! Two teenage girls met with me instead of a man, that's the first red flag. They showed the money so I thought it was legit and they asked to see it. Grabbed it and ran off!!! Before I could do anything I saw they went back onto their FAKE profile and blocked me!!!! Never using this app again, anyone can make up a fake profile and rob you, or even worse they could hurt you. Extremely dangerous!

I guess I don't fully understand the mindset of some of the people (potential buyers). I've received several inquiries about items asking if the item is still available. I respond accordingly and then never hear back. Thus, why ask if you are not truly interested. This gets quite frustrating/annoying.

Letgo probably has the worst customer service I've had ever seen not only do they not have a phone number to contact but the email is automated and doesn't help solve your issues. Plus they flagged my profile for no reason and decided to suspend and delete my posting. I will never be using letgo again!!!

Reviewers are complaining that buyers are cheap or no-shows or sellers are rude AND THEY'RE TRASHING THE APP FOR THAT?

I had a great experience as a buyer. The item was in great condition, the seller was polite and he put the item in my car as it was large and bulky.

In the beginning I thought this APP was the best and easiest way to get rid of some things around the house and make a few bucks. I personally enjoy the shopping aspect rather than selling. There are some good deals out there if you've done your homework. Most sellers are right on the money and fare with what they are asking. However, there are those that are OUT OF THEIR MIND !! Most people don't realize this is a glorified garage sale.. I have learned in the few months as a seller & buyer people want everything for FREE. Absolutely Ridiculous. If you are a buyer it is best to look for items in your area or how far you are willing to drive. I would NEVER recommend purchasing with PayPal or any other form of payment ONLY CASH. If you get scammed its your own fault .. Be cautious. If you can help it meet them at a shopping center near you.Have them notify you thru LETGO when they have left with an ETA. Have them text you when they arrive at the location. I found this to be the Best way to weed out the many losers, scammers & only assures you you have a serious buyers.
My complaint is there CUSTOMER SERVICE ... IT'S TERRIBLE!! THE ONGOING GLITCHES that NEVER get fixed or addressed. The photos in NOTIFICATION are too small you cannot see the item that you FAVORED that now has been sold. You use to be able to see the item that you lost out on. I personally want to know that is how I can keep track of pricing merchandise. Because I am a seller too. The other issue is the items that I have FAVORED and was on my "WATCHLIST" Have disappeared. This has occurred in the last WEEK. CUSTOMER SERVICES is NOT responding to any e-mails.
Very frustrating.. I am no longer getting hits on any of my items. Probably bcuz of my multiple emails.
I'm out... No longer will be a seller. People DON'T understand when you say the price is FIRM.

This ap is exactly what people say it is. Terrible! I'm convinced the customers who ask if an item is available are robots, not real people inquiring about actual merchandise. This ap has a review of 1.6 and I can see why. Find another ap because this one stinks. If LetGo was to find a way to have a filter that customers have to go through to prove they are serious about a product it might change their buyer/seller engagement. Good Luck LetGo, for now please delete my account.

Waste of time. Price not shown upfront until you click the item. Then the silly questions from would be interested people which don't bother reading the description with details of the item. The description should open up right away so people can see it. It does not, and people need to click on it to see the description. So no one does. Sellers watch out for scammers with friends that will stop to pick it up, etc. Selling may be better the old way of newspaper ad, Craigslist, Amazon or Ebay.

I get losers asking ridiculous questions and letgo deletes my car. And it happens over and over. Nobody to stop them from bothering.

How anyone sells anything for more than $5.00 on this app is beyond me. Literally everything I posted got nothing but ridiculous low-ball offers or people just asking me what my lowest price is without even making an offer. Most of the times the ones who say they're going to commit to buy turn out to be fake or scammers anyways. complete waste of time.

I'm going to include some detail here, because I think that is necessary in order for people reading this review to get a clear sense of the issues that I have experienced with Letgo.
I was selling a number of different pieces, which came in a set but which I did not think I could sell all together. So I posted each piece separately, with photos and descriptions of each, (there was no way these pieces could be mistaken for each other.) In the text of each post I also said that I could also sell the whole set for less than purchasing each item individually.
After putting in a lot of time and effort to include great photos and a complete description of the pieces, I found that someone had almost immediately flagged my posts -- apparently they didn't look closely, and decided that I had posted the same item multiple times.
Okay, so I changed it to one post for the whole set, with an explanation that the items could also be purchased individually.
And then, having learned that lesson, I proceeded to do the same thing for an office set that I also need to sell, (posted it as one set, rather than offering the individual pieces.)
And finally, I posted a couch.
Today, I received a couple of messages from an interested buyer. I replied, but was surprised to see that he was listed as being from New York, so I asked him about that, because I am not able to ship these items.
I mention these specifics, because I don't know what Letgo decided I'd done wrong this time, (as they didn't bother to inform me), but the next thing I know, in the middle of this potential sale and without warning or explanation, Letgo apparently deleted my entire account.
I am left guessing as to the reason for this. Based on the fact that there are *two* warnings retroactively appended after the potential buyer's responses, warning me to "be careful when exchanging phone/email details", (we hadn't done so), and inviting me to block the potential buyer (why??), I am left guessing that either:
Some nasty person must have gone out of their way to flag me, (erroneously, as I never did post any item more than once), or somehow my question about the general location of the potential buyer broke some obscure rule.
My biggest issue is that I wasn't warned, explanations were not given, and after all the time I put into posting in good faith and with honest and careful detail, Letgo decided to terminate my account in the middle of a potential sale. A potential loss for both me and the buyer.
Really bad policies, Letgo. I am a legit and rule-abiding poster, and if I could so easily fall afoul of your policies, then I stand as a warning to others.
I wasted even more time on the Letgo site trying to find out what had happened to my account, after finding that my account had apparently been deleted abruptly. I did this partly because I couldn't believe this had actually happened, and also because I was in the middle of a potential sale at the time.
But in the end, I realized I was just throwing good time after bad -- Letgo is a rotten apple; after Letgo already wasted too much of my time, trying to find an answer to this problem from Letgo just wasted more.
My advice? Don't waste your time with Letgo!

Have been posting items of good value, and have sold an item also on Offer Up. But today, my account was removed. Seems they judge a book by it's cover instead of doing a little homework, to see if what you are selling is a real item or not. I posted about 8 things the last couple of days, one being a Christmas Tree In A Bag, that several places sell, like **** and ***** ****. Described what it was and even used a clear picture, but I guess instead of doing a little research, they decided it was not a Christmas Tree, but paraphernalia, and without any communication with me, just removed my account as items I had posted were collecting alerts! Guess that's what happens when kids run a site like this! So if you are reading this, my items are in ************ *** ***** ** ****. Find me on ** where you will see what you wanted to buy before I was removed.

Realized it was a scam and told him to f*** off. Reported it to Offer Up. Tried twice to review in Play Store without the "f" word. Both times my review was deleted.

This site really is a waste of time. Okay, it's not OfferUp's fault, because they can't control who joins the site, but all but one of the OfferUp users I've dealt with were total A-Holes.

I've been selling on-line for 20+ years. I do my homework, and always price my items below fair market value, yet on OfferUp I constantly get low-ball offers well below half my asking price, even on listings where the price is firm. Then, after negotiating a price we both agree on, I either never hear from the Buyer again, or the Buyer schedules a pick up time and never shows up.

Again, this sort of stuff is beyond OfferUp's control, but I have no tolerance for inconsiderate people and this site is teeming with them, so unless you enjoy having people insult your intelligence and waste your time, just stay away.

Offerup SUCKS!! Don't waste your time because you'll lose all your work.
No method to re-post so lots of copy and paste, re-uploading photos, waste of bandwidth. No way to edit your posting on your desktop so very inefficient for serious seller who lists hundreds of items.
They deactivated my account because I changed my username from my real name to something more appealing, no warning.

The website intro and rules read well and is actually inspiring, but the follow through is nonexistent.

I went on looking for an item, then read all that and registered to sell some, but can't even download the app. Keep getting a loop that says wait 5 minutes. It's been 2 days, and I can't even get a response from the support department.

The reviews are mixed. Maybe this is why?

There are a variety of items that seem reasonable, and it' s a local market, which can be good, but lots of car and bike parts, which is a red flag, but they're all over Craigslist as well.

I'm already walking away because if I can't get a reply to a basic error message to finish setting up my account, what's the rest going to be like? If I download the app, are they going to want access to all of my private contacts etc like everyone else?

No thanks!

At least Craigslist works and is easy to use.

At least Craigslist is easy to set up...

I bought Sephora's Cosmetic from Jennifer in the city of Manteca, when I sent a message to Jennifer to tell her that if she had more products she told me that in Offer Up all the sale is final and that she was taking a bath. I told her I would wait for her until she finished bathing and then she was more rude and threatened me and told me that if I did not leave her home she would call the police, she reported me and I reported her but William an Offer Up worker took me out of Offer Up and I can not buy or sell anymore but Jennifer can still sell on Offer Up because she did not get it out of the page, I have evidence of how rude Jennifer was with me and William just tells me that everything is under investigation, I'm very angry because they are not the same with everyone.

My first few local purchases were great - no complaints or problems! The last purchase I made wasnt worth anything. Upon arriving at the sellers house, my picks were already boxed up & I got the bums rush. I was literally rushed out, a guy put the box in my car - without my being able to look at anything! Was given impression he was watching football & wanted to get back to his game. Once Home, I discovered the books were from 35 to 50 years old - the picture & frame had no glass! My own fault for not saying wait a minute so I can check things. Valuable lesson learned - check things out before you hand someone your money!

I will give ZERO star if I could. I bought a paint sprayer from Miguel Cabrarrera at Modesto, CA (now changed name to: Keith Johnson). He said it works great but when I tested at home, it doesn't even work. I called him and he agreed to give me refund. I took me over an hour to meet him up but he never showed up nor answered the phone. I spoke to his neighbor, they said his is a thief, steeling staff and sell them. Offerup can't even write review to a seller, BE VERY CAREFUL.

The only thing is some sellers they tend to forget they are selling used item once an item is not in it's original box it's used. They want to hold on to the item I understand they might have paid good money for some stuff but once you used it it's no longer new and it's not worth close to the price you bought it from the store. So I see some people complaining about not selling well y'all need to let go of the stuff .for those who are moving and selling their stuff either you'd have to trash it or give it away. You have the opportunity to sell it don't think you're gonna get close to the money you bought the item as new.

HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE. Kills me to give them ANY star! There is no customer service...they dont know jack about how to run a business. There upgrades are downgrades. This is how inept and STUPID the founders/owners whatever they are. Are.
When you try to delete an item OR edit it....the item pops up with a few options...and freezes! You can click on an option...not go back...or ANYTHING!!! You must delete the app....then go back and download it...EACH TIME !!!! Try to contact them . They have to be ranked the worst site... HORRIBLE. HORRIBLE. HORRIBLE.

I tried to register as a different user - same problems. I tried to delete app and re-load - no improvement. It seems that my problems with Offer-Up are my cellphone number related. So far no solution is found.

I used app for a year. I liked it from the start. It is easy to use and effective. Great alternative to CL.
Till few months ago all old notifications disappeared, no new notifications, no messages, and no posted ads. Yes, I cannot find any of my ads, ... old, new, none. App becomes useless!
I sent many requests for technical help. No reaction, no help. The customer support not exists. No phone number, no replies, nada.

IT SUCKS THAT I HAD TO EVEN GIVE THIS APP 1 STAR BECAUSE I WOULD'VE GIVEN NEGATIVE IF GIVEN THE CHANCE!!!! NOT ONLY WAS MY FATHER IN LAW SCAMMED OUT OF 800.00 BUT I HAVE REPORTED THE ITEM AND PERSON SELLING AND SCAMMING PEOPLE OUT OF THEIR MONEY AND THIS SITE HAS STILL DONE NOTHING TO FIX THE PROBLEM, THEY WON'T TAKE THE OFFERS DOWN WHICH LEADS MORE PEOPLE TO GETTING SCAMMED!!!! I AM SO FRUSTRATED AT THE LACK OF CUSTOMER SERVICE FROM THIS COMPANY ITS RIDICULOUS. IF YOU DON'T WANT TO TAKE RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE PEOPLE USING YOUR APP, DELETE IT!!

My messages don't go through for weeks at a time. The first time this happened it was months. I thought everyone selling was just coincidentally flakey but then suddenly weeks of responses would start flooding my inbox, items already sold, of course. I don't need the head ache. Letgo and FB Marketplace work just fine!

If I could pu a -1 I would I bought a exercise bike from some one in 77082 zip it was broke so buyers beware all this $#*! people sake is not worth the effort go buy your $#*!

The app itself is fine, but unfortunately it seems most people just use it to kill time. They make ridiculous offers and sometimes even have a conversation with you about meeting times and places and then just disappear off the face of the Earth. Unfortunately this has been nothing but a waste of time for me.

This site is a waste of time. Most Sellers don't answer and just ignore your offers and questions. Not only that, but people price their stuff too high, and clearly from the endless pictures of item on dirty floor, nasty bedspread, or filthy stained carpet does not justify high price. Don't waste your time. Go on Ebay. It's still the best place to buy used and new stuff at great price if you are patient.

This app is easy to use but not much luck with it...people ask you questions in the middle of night and never get back to you...no serious buyers for me yet ..let go app is much better!

The app is easy and fun to use. Have yet to sell anything, though. As for buyer responses, you get very low ball offers, or people just messing with you. Had better luck with Craigslist. Also, I wish they would have a different chime for sales vs notifications. I guess it's to make sure you look at your phone reminding you of the app, because you're not sure if the chime your heard is indicating a sale or a notification.

I've been on this site for several months now, made offers, sent messages, and nobody ever responds. My views of this service are dwindling down quickly.

I read the reviews, and most were so poor. People not following through, bad offers, etc. Get over yourselves. It's a great place to post stuff you want to see. Keep an open mind and laid back attitude. If you are not willing to negotiate a price, go to eBay. This site has value.

Don't buy anything from these guys it's a total scam you will be ripped off of your money and there's nothing true of value to distinguish the amount of quality and integrity of life these days these people will rip you off and they're using sites like this to rip you off so don't buy anything from this site

Two scammers (or maybe it's the same person) reached out to me just days after I posted an item. Both of them sounded eager to make the purchase and wanted to send checks and schedule a mover to pick up. They promised that the movers would pick up after the check clears. They even offered straight up to pay for shipping/add more money to help secure the item. I knew this was too good to be true so I started doing some research on how these people could scam you using checks that could clear. Apparently, these people want you to believe that their check is real, so after you deposit it into your account thinking you've gotten the money, the money could get taken away if the bank later realizes there's something wrong with the check. However, you would have already shipped the item and paid for the movers.
So don't waste your time with people who will only pay via checks unless you can find a local branch and take cash out using the check. Needless to say, after i told these two scammers that I will only take a check from a bank with a local branch and have to get it cashed before we schedule the movers, they went crickets.

They just sent me an email telling me that my account has been removed cause I reveived many notifications telling me that i was violating the rules - which non of those is true !!!

I didnt received nothing before and , i just was selling stuff that people sell , diapers , furniture and thats it , Im
Not a crazy person trying to sell bad stuff , and I texted them and the response was :

We sent you a lot of notification that you re are violating the rules and you kept posting that kind of stuff , and we decided that we had to remove your account and you cant make another one cause is not allowed ???

excuse me , if Im doing good , or diapers are violation? i didnt know I checked the rules and theres nothing like that ,!!

Super mad cause ,
i tried with another email and , my posts are there but just for me , no views , no coments nothing !

That is ALL you get on this site. I am not sure who these people are that plan on buying anything, but they apparently expect everything to be $1! Even after I posted an awesome queen log bed with canope, sealy mattress and box Spring for $250, one person still asked what the lowest is I would go. This idiot has no idea how much real wood log beds cost. I then checked how many items actually get sold and it turns out it's pathetic! Not worth anyone's time!

This app absolutely SUCKS! Today for the third time a buyer has agreed to an buy an item from me, negotiated a price and set up a meeting place and time only to back out at the last minute with yet another lame excuse. These wishy washy buyers suffer no repercussions whatsoever for doing this and all three times I had other offers that I turned down because I thought the item was already sold. Something has to change or I will never use this app again.

My review you need to screen some of this you also need to put you must answer what you are selling

This site or app offers no way of posting items that you would like to sell unless you have an Android or IOS phone to install their app, and not everyone has one of those types of phones. I mean seriously why even build a website if you can't post items for sell on the website through your pc, it's just a big waste of time and I don't like having my time wasted. This is just my personal opinion but they could really improve there service if they offered a version for pc or even for windows phone, in conclusion if you must use this app use it at your own discretion as for me I'll just stick to Ebay or other sell and buy groups accordingly.

Honestly, you are totally wasting your time using this app/service. That's why there are so many negative reviews.....
NOBODY PAYS,
NOBODY TURNS UP
Save yourself the energy and effort, use EBAY or give your stuff to charity

I agree and disagree with reviews here.

First of all, OfferUp, the company, is giving people/communities a common online place to sell stuff as an alternative to websites like Craigslist. Like CL, it's free and it's user friendly. However, with OfferUp, you're able to maneuver through the posting process quicker, the app/page design itself is not as antiquated and is aesthetically more appealing and it's "one and done"- you conduct the transaction from start to finish via the app. This isn't to say one is necessarily better than the other, it's your choice.

Also, like Craigslist, it is not meant to compete with Ebay, Etsy, etc. With places like the aforementioned, you pay to list, you pay to process the transaction online, and they get their cut. Because of this, they can afford to have staff to help sort out problem sellers and buyers, guarantee products and refunds, and be the intervening party so you don't have to deal with that end of it.

So, as far as what OfferUp, the business, offers as ITS product, I give it 5 stars.

Most of the complaints on here are for things I don't believe OfferUp is responsible for. No-show buyers or sellers? Block them. Lowballers? Block them. They don't respond? Block them. You don't like one word responses? Block them. These types, and much worse, are everywhere, not just on OfferUp.

Use OfferUp for its intended purpose: an online yard sale, cleaning out your closets, whatever. If you have a business to run, OfferUp is not the place for it.

Avoid the scammers, flakes, and low ballers that use this app. as opposed to other similar apps ive had 0 good experiences with this one. Seems like it draws in the wrong kind of energy.

I have tried selling stuff on this app multiple times and keep dealing with "flakes" saying they want to buy my item then nothing.....or they say they are on there way and I give them my address and an hour later still no one. Or they message me after telling me what date and time they are coming only for them to give some lame excuse why they can't come. Just a bunch of flaky ass buyers on this app. Just gonna take my stuff to goodwill and donate it for a tax ride off. At least that way I get the amount I am wanting to sell it for rather then dealing with cheapskates and low balling buyers.

I HAVE MIXED FEELINGS ABOUT LET GO AND THIS APP "OFFER"UP EITHER APP I HAVE HAD GOOD AND BAD EXPERIENCES. BUT AFTER LAST NIGHT I WILL NO LONGER BE USING OFFER UP. I AGREE WITH THE OTHER REVIEWS HERE, IT'S HARD TO TRUST ANYONE WHO SELLS SOMETHING BECAUSE YOU MAY END UP DEAD OR INJURED. BUT I GET THE PEOPLE QUICK TO SELL SOMETHING AND MEET UP ANYTIME BECAUSE IT SEEMS TOO ANXIOUS FOR ME AND IT'S NOT SAFE TO DO THAT. SO I HOPE THIS APP GETS SHUT DOWN SOON BEFORE SOMEONE GETS HURT.

My recommendation is to buy and sell elsewhere. The multitude of negative comments exist for a reason and should not be ignored. In addition to the large percentage that is taken when you sell, they actually fail to support. Their system will indicate that packages have been delivered, even if you have not received them. I have tried to make Poshmark aware of this; you can't inspect a package if it hasn't been received! Buyers must accept a package three days after it's received but sellers have SEVEN days to ship. The concept business must be reworked. Many sellers are also selling fraudulent items and Poshmark will not ban them once this has been revealed. This means that they can continue to sell to others who are not made aware. When in fault, they offer minimal Poshmark credit.

I am a little torn with this site. In the beginning, I felt this was such a great idea and felt I was having success selling lightly used clothes/accessories that I no longer wanted. Now, I'm no full time seller. I have only made about $100 total and sold 8 or 9 items, but here is my experience so far. ******I have had one return on a pair of boots and I take full responsibility for the mistake I had made. Not sure how it happened, but I had given wrong sizing on the post and never noticed. The boots where sent back just as they where sent to them and all was good. Overall, not an unreasonable experience.******** #####-I have recently experienced an issue with a buyer that I find to be a bit frustrating. I sold a XL Hurley jacket to a women who only paid $13 (making my actual earnings $10 and her total payment around $20 with shipping) She received the item and gave a review of 1. She CLAIMS that there is no way the jacket is a size XL and that it must be sized in Juniors sizing. In the review, she mentions that it doesn't even zip (1-its a button up jacket) and there is no way it will close. Claimed she had plenty of Hurley jackets in a size medium, they all fit perfectly. At this point I have come to the conclusion that she is a bigger size woman. I wear a size small/medium in WOMENS and the jacket was drowning me before I sold it. I thought that if she felt strongly enough she could file a claim and Poshmark would be our buffer. It was not in junior sizing so there was no reason for me to apologize and reach out to her. She never filed a claim. It came to the point were payment had been processed and was deposited into my bank account. I'm assuming she noticed as well when that happened because she decided to copy and paste the review under the sold jackets posting the same day. ######## Here is my theory with this, I believe that she may not fit the jacket like she wanted too. It may not be the right color or the right material. She asked no questions before purchasing. The jacket was perfect and just as described. SHE HAD NO CASE. So if she were to file, I believe, that she felt she would not win and had to amount to other terms. By reaching out to me I think she expects a seller approved return because of her dissatisfaction. Now, if she does REALLY believe that this is sized in juniors, she still has no proof for her case so that may be why she hasn't filed either. I have not shopped junior sizing since I was 15. I do not have proof of that either since I purchased this jacket too big and that was over a year ago. So looks like we are both out of luck. ##### I really do not want to rip people off and I am more than willing to correct my mistakes, but if you purchase something at your own discretion from a USED clothing site, do your research. BUYERS: Need to be active in there purchases. Be aware of what you're risking buying USED items. Not everyone in this world is honest and thorough. Ask a lot of questions before purchasing. Confirm things in the comments and screen shot so that if something is not as it seems, you have a case. ASK ASK ASK. Im sorry, but its not just a sellers responsibility to make sure you are satisfied with what you're purchasing. Take some action and get all of the info. SELLERS: decide if its worth it. Poshmark takes effort and time to really get those sales. Accuracy and honesty is the most guarantee you can have on this site and even then its not always enough to satisfy a customer. I suggest taking pictures of the items BEFORE sending and using them for a case if the item is returned and damaged. (This has yet to happen to me, but found it to be common in the reviews) Make sure to time stamp it. Be as thorough in descriptions as possible and remember it is not your responsibility to clarify if the customer has not asked the questions. Site reference is always your BEST bet. If you can reference an item from the brand and site it came from, that is all the proof you need. Grow up people and take responsibility. Be honest as a seller and be skeptical as a buyer. I have made money on clothes that I would have otherwise thrown out after collecting dust in my closet. I appreciate that about Poshmark, but there are some flaws and Poshmark should be more active in there buyer/seller relationships when things go crazy. There needs to be proof of seller before sending items so that sellers can be protected from buyers who destroy things because of there remorse. Sellers should be able to ask as many questions as needed and expect honest answers. Higher priced items should NEED proof of purchase so that no one is a victim to price mark ups or fakes. So many things should be improved and the best they got is an "automatic price drop tap".

As a customer: I have yet to purchase something, but have had my own experiences with buyers and have a little advice. Really ask the questions. This is a majority USED clothing site and these things are not discounted because they are brand new. I have loved when buyers ask questions because that saves me from a return and them from disappointment. I as a buyer have had lacking descriptions on my items and questions work to clear that up. This is no different than buying from a community page through facebook or a yard sale site. Only thing that really benefits you here is your safety and guidelines given to you. There is rules and from what I understand they work to really keep the buyers happy. Now as a buyer, if you are loyal, thorough, and honest you will also find the same in the sellers you purchase from. If you lie, cheat, or disobey the system than I guarantee you will be reported, harassed, and possibly suspended from the site. I do not support harassment, but I have seen it happen to others. This is a community of sellers and some don't take fraud lightly. As a seller: I have yet to have any issues with scamming. I did have someone recently purchase and item on the higher $$$ side and I was worried because the user had previously signed up that morning and purchased my item an hour later with no offers or questions. I was skeptical but everything went perfectly. Just remember that your items are not only on Poshmark, but can be viewed through google. I have had a return and it was by my mistake of mislabeling the listing. No issues there and we where both left happy. I did have an experience with a customer who felt I had lied about the size of an item. She felt it was sized in juniors sizing and left a low 1 review despite the quality of the jacket and being as described. I knew that this was not junior sizing and although I was sympathetic, I did not owe her for her opinion. She later left a review on the direct post and I continued to ignore the comments. She was very harsh and was not constructive. She could have filed a return, but I think we both knew that the jacket was labeled as described and if she had done her research she would have found out that the jacket is not in junior sizing. I later found that she was trying to sell the same jacket for twice what she paid and had it labeled as XL. not junior xl. So I believe she came to the correct conclusion. This site is a risk. Its a also a game. You have to put in the work and be willing to work with others to get items sold. I do not do this as a business. Its just a way to make a few dollars off of lightly used items I no longer want. I have yet to experience a scam, but the second I do I will remove my closet from the site. I have seen enough reviews and horror stories to know that this site is not perfect. Beware. I wouldn't sell high priced items, I wouldn't sell outside of the site to a customer, and I also wouldn't purchase there boutique clothing. It is way overpriced for how not worth it majority of it is.

Absolutely horrible experience. Twice I was scammed. The first time I sold a black Lularoe shirt. The buyer disputed it and said it was not in described condition. The buyer then was to return the shirt to me after Poshmark sided with their complaint. When I received it back, the black Lularoe shirt I sold was NOT in the box. The buyer stole my shirt and returned it with a cheap black tshirt. The second time I got scammed I sold a Stella and Dot necklace worth $95.It was brand new in the original packaging and the buyer said it was not as described/broken. When the buyer disputed it I submitted the exact pictures I used to describe it but Poshmark again sided with the buyer. I will never do business on this site again and I highly discourage anyone else from using it.

I began shopping on Poshmark, and found 2 good sellers, I ordered their items and the items came on time and in the condition described. That was the only good part. Then there are the bad sellers, which the website seems to support; who, after you place an order and have waited a week, with the funds already withdrawn from your account, cancel the order because, get this, "they have changed their mind!" and better yet, they tell a lie that the "product is damaged". Who on God's green earth would ever do business with people like this? Who put an item up for sale, take your money, and then after making you wait a week, change their mind, and cancel the order? Then your money is gone for 3 weeks! The week you waited for your order, and the two weeks you have to wait until the funds are back in your account before you can purchase something else! This site sucks. Stay away from it they gossip and slander people and creepily "follow people" through their website, thus invading your privacy, and turning sellers away from prospective buyers through gossip or slander. They call this 'following' on thier webiste and actually allow this!!! On your account it is shown that ..."so and so is following you," as they describe it, and you don't know who is 'following you'!!! then, if they have an agenda or grudge against you, they can get the seller to "cancel your order, because the seller mysteriously 'changed their mind,' or the item was somehow 'mysteriously damaged' !!! The weirdest thing ever!!! Spooky and weird!!! This is not done on reputable sites such as ****** or **** or **********, or many others. Poshmark is simply not behaving reputably! I had to ask help from a bank representative about my funds being restored to my account after the seller had" mysteriously canceled" my order, and I told the Bank Representative what happened, and she said she also shops on Poshmark! and she said, quote "THAT IS NO WAY TO DO BUSINESS. I WOULD CANCEL MY ACCOUNT WITH THEM." then it is almost impossible to cancel your account, for they make you petition Poshmark to cancel your account and then they do not cancel it upon your request!!! So be forewarned, and save your money and time, save your poor self the huge disappointment, of Poshmark's mysterious "wild goose chase" after "spuriously sold" and "canceled items", and go elsewhere where the customers are respected and the sellers are honest.

I order a purse from Poshmark for $40. I was sent a message a couple of days later telling me the purse was sold out BUT they have the same purse in a different color for $60 dollars. I ordered the purse and received it. I was very happy with my purchase. The following day I received my original order. Now I have two purses. I contacted the company and they basically told me to take a hike so I contacted my credit card company and filed a complaint. I informed Poshmark I had filed a complaint and ***** told me they would make a one time acception and accept the retuned item for a full refund IF I stopped the complaint. I told ***** if I did not receive a full refund of $60 plus shipping $4.69, I would reopen my complaint. The did make a refund but they refunded $46.69. I returned the $60 purse. This company is a scam. They did a switch and bait and need to be called out. Stay away

After registering an account, placing the order, paying with Paypal, etc. the item never showed up. No response from seller or from the company. Frustrating!! Their recommendation is just to cancel the order. I wouldn't have ordered the item if I wanted to just cancel it.

I was completely scammed. I ordered a Free People dress, with pictures of the dress directly from Free People site. I received, and it was NOT Free People, but rather this person's knock off - which was made of very cheap fabric and extremely poor fit. I contacted them about it, and received an auto-response promising a response within 24 hours, but instead have been completely ignored.

I have sold numerous things on this site and people take advantage of niceness and accommodation. Buyers buy things and once they don't like it or change their mind file a case review and Poshmark will side with the buyer 100% of the time in less than a day!!! The website has no loyalty to the sellers even though without the sellers Poshmark wouldn't exist! Buyers will give low ball offers even though a lot of of the items are super low. EX. $ 5 for a Nasty Girl leather top already marked at $15 and NEVER WORN! I am the last one to write a review but I had glasses shipped out perfectly and the girl said they were damaged and lenses were popped out even though wrapped in tissue paper inside a bag, but because of "proof" with pictures it was accepted to return. This company in the bay area is a joke and not respected clearly by the bay nor users. Bottom line: if you are a seller-get ready to be at the mercy of the buyers and even though they know what they are buying they will get you in trouble and want a return which will be gladly accepted. Buyers will put anything down or do anything to your product for a refund and poshmark is just as disloyal and guilty. Some buyers are great and others are the scum of the earth. You learn a lot of how shady people and business work. If you sell, get ready for people to buy things and claim it's not at all what they thought and go to the extent of damaging your items and Poshmark giving you nothing in return except a bad taste.

This seems like a fun and nice way to buy and sell items but it is a total SCAM. As the sellers you are not protected. I recently sold a wallet to a woman, the wallet was in perfect condition, i even sent the box and dustbag and she opened a case against me claiming it was not as described. I emailed poshmark asking to see the pictures because I was so confused as to why a case would be opened up and once they SIDED with her and refunded her the pictures became available to me and low and be hold she RIPPED the wallet herself. An expensive 400 dollar versace wallet and she basically tore it up claimig I sent it to her that way. Now my wallet is being sent back to me destroyed and is basically unsellable or unusable and poshmark has not answered me. They are un responsive and do not know how to run a business. Basically if someone buys something of yours and decides they dont like it, they can destroy it and claim it came that way and basically you are out of your money and your item can return to u damaged. I was shocked that someone would even do that to something so expensive or to someone in general and poshmark just doesn't care. This whole website is awful and NEEDS to be shut down. DO NOT sell your stuff on this scam of a website because they will take your money and ruin your stuff. There are countless negative complaints about it im surprised this website is still running. I have never seen a business be run so awfully and so careless. DO NOT USE. safe yourself the trouble and sell elsewhere. I will be shutting my account down and selling somewhere else. Somewhere trustworthy.

ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE. I THOUGHT i was buying a gray "Love Your Melon" hat and what I got was a dark blue and a hat that seriously would fit a giants head. This hat was MASSIVE. My head would have to MASSIVE in order for the hat to fit me. I wrote to them multiple times and they said the same thing. "You should've asked the seller if the item was true to size and color." ARE YOU KIDDING ME? The seller should list the item appropriately. I'm LIVID. TERRIBLE TERRIBLE TERRIBLE.

BEWARE OF THIS COMPANY! I purchased a jacket that was incorrectly measured by seller. I could not return it and no refund. Customer service is only in Poshmark’s favor. Apparently Poshmark or seller have no responsibility for making this right . If transaction goes well, fine, if there is a problem, you are out of luck.

There are no returns, refunds, or exchanges, but they don't make that clear on the website. I purchased a coat for my daughter and since she couldn't try it on beforehand and it was too small we are stuck with it without recourse. Never will I use them again!

shoes that were shipped were badly used..the soles were dirty and the maker logo on the insole was worn out...the listing did not mention that the shoes were used....I wrote poshmark and they want me to send pictures of the shoes...I don't have acamera ...I am pissed off that they do not believe me that I am dissatisfied....cant understand how they are able to stay in business this long ..i am giving them a zero rating

I bought a sweatshirt from Poshmark for the first time and there were holes and stains everywhere! I went to file a complaint and they only allowed 72 hours to do so. The sweatshirt didn't even arrive until after a week! I'll NEVER order off this website again. Period.

To echo what many others have said on here, Poshmark has serious problems with its customer service on the seller end. They have ignored for over 2 weeks multiple attempts asking them to remove libelous comments from sales listings. In their email receipt acknowledgement, they promise a response within 24 hours during the work week but have completely disregarded me.

BUYER BEWARE! I just started shopping on Poshmark because I found a couple of items that were cheaper than ebay ... my mistake. Within the last 2 days, I've had 2 orders cancelled by 2 different sellers because they changed their minds (in case it helps other potential buyers, the specific sellers are ****** @ ********** ** **** ****** ***** ** and ***** * *********). Yes, I got refunds in both cases, but I actually WANTED both items - that's why I purchased them. Poshmark has no way of rating sellers if they flippantly cancel your orders, and the sellers can DELETE comments they don't like. In other words, you have ZERO protection as a buyer. Heaven forbid you spend money and never receive your item or receive it in poor condition. I see no way to file a complaint on the Poshmark site. **** may be overly protective of buyers, often to the detriment of sellers, but it's a much safer shopping experience.

Do not use ************. I purchased a pair of converse and never got any shipping info or status for more than 2 weeks. There's no way to check my order status. This site is a scam. Anyone giving this site more than 1 star is part of the scam.

I purchased A I phone from seller " ********* " No product and the Poshmark allows him to block my messages so he can scam other customers. Furthermore each time I see this scammer trying to sell the same product to others Poshmark protects the seller by not allowing me to warn them . Poshmark will not allow me to warn the public about Seller ********* I believe because they receive 20% of sales . Any questions ****************

Customer service was awful received a dress with broken zipper...i paid $150. I don't feel like I should of paid full price and they came back and Offered $20 is poshmark dollars. I said no- I want to be refunded with the original method of payment. Since then NO response and have wrote them back about 5x. Don't use site! Awful!

I bought and sold clothes on poshmark for a while with no issue, until someone purchased a pair of pants from me, claimed they were damaged, and received a refund. I know they had no hole when I shipped them and that the buyer tore the pants. I understand that Poshmark is bound to grant the refund because it's a she said/she said situation and I think by their estimation, it's best to avoid someone disputing a credit card charge. What bothers me is how difficult it was to get customer service support. Poshmark takes a healthy chunk out of every sale and for that I should be able to get someone to send me something other than a canned email response. I endured several rounds of me sending an email with a description of the issue, them responding by asking for more information, me sending it and then never hearing back. They need to set up phone support and better equip their existing customer service representatives. I shouldn't have to tweet at them to get a response.

Overall I have had a pleasant buying/selling experience on Poshmark. As with any buying/selling app, look out for misrepresented items, etc.--not everyone online operates with the same level of integrity. Check seller feedback scores for an idea of their trustworthiness. Posh support has generally been helpful in the relatively rare event of an issue arising, and the user always has recourse to Paypal protection--provided you pay with PP. Posh's cut is 20%, more than some other apps, so I'll dock a star for that. The standard shipping rate of $6.50 works in your favor for heavier items, and against you for cheap/lightweight ones, so I'll call that a wash. Boutique items can often be gotten cheaper elsewhere online... savvy shoppers will know this. But as for gently used items, a favorite place to shop and sell.

Just not a great way to buy stuff. I bought something that was misrepresented and my request to return it was denied. Won't be buying again.

I just made my first sale on poshmark and found out that they don't actually PAY me the money I made. It's all "credits" to buy more from their site. NO WHERE does their site say this when you explore selling with them. I have pored over their FAQs, selling pages, etc. NOTHING tells me I will not actually make the money from my sale. FRICKIN scam. I will not use my credits to buy with them because that too has been a disaster. I received something not as described and they declined my return. On every level this site is a scam.

Do not download this app to your smartphone. They are not like **** or ****** they are a bunch of unprofessional Crooks. Do not use this app read the reviews.

Absolutely non-ethical company. Bought a dress, got dress, dress was labeled as a certain size but had clearly been shrunk. Zipper was warped, and wouldn't zip. Dress will never fit. Complained, and after a series of back and forth, they denied my return request because technically, the dress was the same size that was advertised. I explained that no, technically it wasn't. They would not even address the broken zipper, even after asking them point blank "why are you not addressing the broken zipper." In response, they actually told me in an email (so i have it in writing) that I can go ahead and try reselling the item. Enraged, I asked them if that is their typical policy, to knowingly encourage users to sell bad items so that they can continue to profit off of already high percentages of the sale. No response. I cannot even believe that a business can so transparently be this non-ethical. DO NOT USE Poshmark. There are far better clothes selling/trading sites.

I have been selling on Poshmark since March of this year. and until recently, I had zero problems with any customers or Posh. It all started to come apart with the sale of 5 pieces of clip on hair extensions. this chick hinted at me for weeks that she really wanted the hair, but couldn't afford them. (they were 40 bucks). So I lowered them for this woman, she paid, I shipped. a week later I received an email from Posh stating that I had a "case" against me on this hair!...the woman stated she has super thin hair, and that (5 little pieces) wouldn't make her hair thicker...(umm 5 pieces). they said they were giving her back her money!...no one asked me if I wanted to defend myself and the product, just "we're giving her the money back"...WHAT?...I sent an email directly back stating I hadn't misrepresented this product ever, along with all photos....I got nothing from them. Then I wake up this morning to Posh saying another "case" has opened against me for selling fake Victoria's Secret body spray!!...I even included the original skew number on the bottle, and the original $16.00 price tag!...and I even sent her the $16 body lotion as a bundle all for only $10!... so I sent the following email to Posh today..... to Poshmark To Whom this may concern, I have been receiving emails from your company that accuse me of selling "fake" wares. You have sided with 2 buyers, without ever "asking" me to provide any proof so I can defend myself. As a result, I am emailing you to ask your company to review all information "I" have on the 22" clip on 5 pc hair set, the "Victoria's Secret" Love Spell body spray and lotion set, and any makeup palettes I have for sale. I want you to ask the perfume customer to send you a photo I purposely left on the bottom of the bottle that has both the VS skew number and the $16 price tag. yea, price tag. Also, at not time did I ever misinform ANYONE about the 22" hair!, I was asked a question from another posher about my 30" long hair...it weighed 80 to 90 grams. Not the 5 piece hair. Further, it's not my fault the the person who bought it is folically challenged, it's 5 pieces of clip on strands of hair, not a bundle of weave in hair. I am including pictures of these products I had for sale so you can see what I'm saying is the Gods honest truth. also, I do expect to get your photos, and everything you have on file that proves me wrong. seems fair to me. Now, as to the eye shadow palettes, lipsticks, etc. REAL!...ALL OF THEM. but I will help you out weeding out all your other poshers with fakes, oh, but then you must have already done that, right? I am considering this lack of evidence on your part regarding my "dishonesty" to be harassment. and without your evidence, I will consider any missing funds in my accounts nothing short of theft, and will proceed with my Attorney. Thank you. **** I am closing my store this weekend, and selling somewhere else. I also contacted an Attorney who tells me they cannot hold any money I have coming to me,($220) nor can they take funds from my accounts. NEVER SELL ON POSHMARK!...HORRID SELLER PROTECTION, NO COMMUNICATION, AND SLOW PAYMENTS! ****

Any government agencies, please take an action with this company. They are Criminals allowing criminals to sell Fake items and allowing criminals to sell items that took pictures of others. Despite of complaints, emails, evidences, messages of criminal intent, Poshmark never do anything to stop them, Poshmark do not care as long as they got their money. Please investigate and close this business, every messages from them are computerized. Bad business like this is not healthy to the community. Please stop them.

I sold a necklace 12 days ago , se buyer claimed it was not as described , this necklace was brand new and exactly as described , I submitted all the proofs and pictures of the item to poshmark support , never heard about them again and now i'm out of my item and my money , so basically it's a steal. I'm not talking about the scamming attempts you get every time you post a new item ....and the nasty comments....

I bought several things from Poshmark over the course of a few months however stopped once I found out that their "poshmark guarantee" saying they will stand behind a purchase is a lie - I contacted them immediately upon receiving an item I had purchased that was inconsistent with how it was described in the ad. The item was described as "like new" when it was in fact very worn, had strings coming out of it and was unwearable.Poshmark said there was nothing wrong with the description and would not offer a return or refund. Do not believe this company's lies about providing a guarantee for your purchases - when it comes time to take them up on this assurance you will find out that the guarantee was a lie and they will not honor it.

It shouldn't surprise me that I'm writing a post about the continuation of racism in 2017. However, here I am. POSHMARK is the MOST RACIST site I have ever tried to buy and sell on. Their lack of professionalism, inequality and disparity between what certain ethnicities are allowed to do on the site is insane. Poshmark is NOT the site for you if you are a minority looking to make extra money. White individuals are allowed to harass you, run scams and sell whatever they like on the site (real or fake) despite rules stating that this is against the policy. I guess "white" is "right" huh? Numerous white individuals have harassed me about products they are NOT going to purchase, I have been continuously reported for things I have NOT done wrong and a white individual was able to file a claim against an item I sent, and receive her money back. While, I am still without my item. Living in a world where racism and white privilege is prevalent in everyday life. I would have thought there would be a slight relief from poshmark administration, WRONG..I refuse to be treated unfairly by poshmark. I no longer will be using this site for any services, as they are not worthy of having my "Black Dollars"

I've used Poshmark for many years and really enjoyed my experience at first because sometimes you really do get great deals on items that are old season and not sold in stores anymore and are new things to add to your closet. However my issues started when I became a seller instead of a buyer. That's when problems and issues started occurring. The first incident involved when I was selling a pair of boots. I did mention it had been previously worn, but was still wearable for future uses and had photographic evidence before it was shipped out of it and evidence of several people who did help me ship out the boots that they don't recall something ever being wrong with it. However the customer ended up returning on grounds that "it was not as described" and sent in evidence that there were stains and the heel was broken. I sent in photograph proof that there was no way the heel was broken before and I had two people who remembered seeing it in fine shape. There was another incident where I was selling a backpack and described it as having been worn many times which pictures included. Someone bought it but ended up arguing on claims of stains which they zoomed in on this tiny barely noticeable stain that only would be seen if you were really really looking for something. However in both instances Poshmark sided with the customers. So be wary that sometimes customers can purposely damage your goods to hopefully get their money back and file it under as "damaged item" or purposely try to find any small reason to get their money back. It's just so irritating for sellers because it takes time out of our schedules to ship things out and prepare the packages just to have it sent back. It was a really aggravating experience to say the least because the only way to contact customer service is through email and it took absolutely forever to ever get a response back. I had to email about three times before someone finally replied and she barely answered my questions and concerns. I find that happening frequently when you email them for any customer support. Maybe they should work on a better system on that? I don't know. Next incidents involve sometimes having buyers really talk down on you rudely. There was an incident where I had a buyer purchase a mystery box of random things for only ten dollars that would include variety of things that I was looking to size down my wardrobe and belongings including items from top brands. I included a note in there that was handwritten with a list of all the things she would be getting. I handpicked all of these items that I spent in total well over 10 dollars. 6 items that probably costed more than 50 dollars original price. I wrapped it very nicely and yet she claimed she never received one of the items and was quite rude about it.Then following incidents involved when I was on vacation (out of the country) and several people ended up purchasing items. I barely had wifi connection and yet I still told them I was out of town but will ship immediately when I got back. They all said it alright and yet in the end a good portion of them ended up being impatient and canceling the order resulting in strikes against my account. It's absolutely aggravating and my account was suspended due to "unshipped items" It seems even when you're in contact with buyers, you really do get duped as shippers. Furthermore poshmark really does a HUGE percentage off of your earnings that it's really not even worth it sometimes. And for buyers the disadvantage is the ridiculous cost of shipping. I remembered when it was around 4 dollars maybe and it seems like they slowly keep increasing the shipping costs. Overall, I really do think you're better off being a buyer on this app (if you can handle the outrageous shipping). Anyone who wants to be a seller on this app should be wary of the buyers, poshmark being very biased towards buyers instead of sellers, poor customer service, and the large percentage they take off of your earnings. There really are better buy/sell apps out there....

Poshmark lets total scammers be sellers. Poshmark does not communicate. They don't care if you get ripped off

Company would not provide refund when seller posted the wrong size in the size field. Sellers should never be allowed to advertise wrong sizes--even if--especially if they think the sho runs big or small.

This is misleading to customers. Their decision not to hold sellers accountable, but rather to pass this issue off on to the customer demonstrates a poor business model. I contacted company to request a refund, and they refused to refund my money, claiming that the seller explained why they changed the size in the size field.
This was not the first time.I had bought several others shoes that were advertised incorrectly.

Stick with EBay ! Customer service stinks I ordered jeans from Their site. The jeans described were a 32 inseam were really a 33 inseam and wouldnt let me return them . Would never recommend this site!!!

Stick with Ebay, Poshmark has screwed me multiple times in that I have purchased several things and only ever received about half. Most sellers give very little info on their listings, and wont answer questions when you ask.

Purchased 3 items within a few months. First item seller cancelled it, second item never sent, and 3 item sent an empty box! What the heck!! I found some cute things not available on ebay but hesitant to make another purchase.

I made a Poshmark account and I always thought it was a little TOO easy and kinda sketch but I finally decided to buy a Vera Bradley wallet bc it was in great condition... sure enough, less than an hour after putting in my credit card info, my info was stolen and purchases were being made in California (where the seller lives). Guys, it's really not a safe app to be putting your credit card info and based on lots of other reviews here scams are pretty frequent. DO NOT USE.

I purchased new shoes from a seller on Poshmark. When arrived, they ran VERY small for 8.5. Requested a return, Poshmark denied request, said the ad specified sizing may vary. Total rip off.

I've had a great experience using this app! It's fun, interesting, educational and provides a great opportunity to shop and sell. PM continues to make updates for its users. I've made WAY more on here with excellent feedback than I could make reselling at a thrift store! It's beneficial that u, a buyer and seller, have complete control regarding pricing. It's seldom I've had to return items due to misrepresentation. But if that's the fact, PM sees that I r reimbursed. I've found this app 2 be a complete joy. But, as always.. buyer beware of items that r replicas! PM can't screen EVERYTHING. They do a superb job running this business while providing one with privacy as well.

I've been using poshmark for a while as a seller (never have bought anything), and after realizing how easy it is for a customer to scam a seller, I'm done with them. I've given them a lot of business through selling multiple items and they refuse to help me. I sold a tee shirt that I got at a Beyonce concert that isn't for sale anymore for a generous $10 even though I've only worn it twice. I sent it out the very next day and they received it 2 days later. Then they reported there was a problem, so the funds were put on hold. I asked the buyer what the issue was and they said they weren't able to receive the package because I used the wrong packaging. Okay, that was my bad. But the solution told to them by poshmark AND the post office was to refuse the package. It would be sent back to me and then me and the buyer agreed I would repackage it and resend it to them. But they never sent it back. And the buyer will no longer respond to me on the matter, totally ignoring me. So obviously, they scammed me. They've kept their money and they probably have the shirt. I've messaged Poshmark multiple times over the course of 2 weeks about the issue and I've received NOTHING. Complete silence. They won't respond at all. So if it's this easy for a buyer to scam a seller out of the money and the item, I'd warn everyone to stay away from selling, and probably buying too. Go to a consignment shop to sell your stuff, this app isn't worth it. That shirt was purchased by me for $45. $#*!ing ridiculous.

I order a turtleneck sweater and the seller drop the ball on this one it's been more than seven days and no product. I should have read the reviews first. They won't get my business EVER AGAIN.

I saw a news feature about Poshmark on the CBS Sunday Morning show and decided to list some of my clothes and some unused anti-aging products. I have had my items listed for one week now. I am a very discriminating buyer so I have a Christian Dior fur coat, a Moncler down jacket, cashmere sweaters, a Renato Angi bag, Lanvin Shower Gel and Erno Laszlo products listed for sale: nice things which I have taken good care of. Two days after listing it I sold a Scaglione Italian cashmere sweater. I checked it over a second time before shipping it and found only a beautiful sweater. Today the sweater was delivered and I now have a case against me for a return which was granted due to " undisclosed white pill balls on the sweater". There were no white pill balls on the sweater. In my mind I saw lots of red flags popping up all over after reading the email from Poshmark so I did a search for "reviews on Poshmark" and found this site. After spending 5 minutes reading some of these reviews I have decided to delete all of my listings in my Poshmark " closet" and close my account. I will never come to this site to sell or purchase anything again. I feel compelled to add something else after reading many of the reviews here. If you have issues with Poshmark, do not just " let it go". Every state has an Attorney Generals office in their state capital and they are there to help protect you against the things that I've read about here. File a complaint with your Attorney Generals office and they will investigate it for you and usually they have a website that you can file the complaint on so it doesn't take long. Also, for those of you who feel that Poshmark is guilty of deceptive business practices file a complaint with the Federal Trade Commission in Washington, DC as well. Their address is : Federal Trade Commission, Consumer Response Center, 600 Pennsylvania Avenue, Washington, D.C., 20380. Telephone # 877-382-4357. eBay was recently investigated by the FTC ( this information came from my Attorney Generals office) and if Poshmark is allowing fraud to take place on their site they can be named an accessory to fraud by allowing it to happen and doing nothing about it when it is reported to them.

I placed an order for a floral jumpsuit for my niece with a woman named fshminded, she promised that it was in perfect shape, like brand new, I was told. Well I received the package, so I hit that I received the package. Not realizing that once I said received they took it as i meant I opened it, was satisfied and everything was good. Well my niece was away and not able to try on the outfit until several days later. The zipper was stuck and there was a tare on the side and the outfit smelled horrible. I tried to get a refund but told i accepted the package and gave a five star rating, I NEVER gave a rating. Anyway push forward, I tried to get a refund and was told over and over on a boiler plate response, that I accepted the package and after three days no refunds are allowed. The jumpsuit will be thrown in the garbage, what a sin. I would not recommend Poshmark to my enemy, they are a complete and total scam.

I ordered a Prairie Underground Hoodie in a purple color. The result of a Google search. They send a black one. Also it said "neer been worn" but obviously the item had been worn. I tried to return it as it was not a described. They wouldn't take it back. This is not a reliable retail outlet. It's dicey. Plan to keep what you get even if it's not right, the wrong size, etc.

I placed an order on Nov 29 and the seller simply just ignored my order without any response and it has been the 8th day.

I will not recommend this company to anyone because they are not reliable or professional and they wanted me to contact the seller directly.

i am mainly a seller on posh and i have to say poshmark has negative sides but the positives overrule, its such a great community of people, i've made so many friends nationally and locally, i respond as promptly as possible to all my potential buyers some tips on how to use the app ...only follow sellers who are active(some people post a few listings in they're profile and then never check back) also try to ask as many questions before purchasing some sellers buy wholesale from china vendors YOU DONT WANT THAT! you want sellers that purchase from U.S.A. vendors these sizes are american sizes and will fit as opposed to china sizes which run 1 or even 2 sizes too small, my closet name is matadora1978 i hope this helps the new poshers and please visit my closet is full of great items !! happy poshing! :)

I have made two purchases which have been a waste of money and time, so I dont think Ill give Poshmark a third chance. I wear a size 4P, and every pair of jeans I have is this size. I ordered a size 4 jean that was so small, it must actually be a 2 or a zero! The second pair I ordered, a 4P, the seller shipped a 10P, and it took a lot of time and hassle dealing with the Poshmark return and refund process. The seller was apologetic, but overall the experience was quite annoying. After these my two bad experiences, and reading these reviews, I believe I will also stick with EBay. Ive been shopping on EBay for years, and I have been really happy with purchases and customer support.

I'm new to poshmark..... I've made at least 4-5 offers on items and nobody responds! Is this the norm? I think I'll stick with ebay. Never had any problems there.

I had a buyer buy an expensive Ralph Lauren dress and claim it was discolored. It was in pristine condition. she filed a claim and sent me back a cheap cotton tank top. I contacted poshmark at present 6 times. sent them photos several times, with no response.

2nd item. a Michael Kors pair of shoes worn twice. Person tore the strap off and sent them back. I had photos of the shoes fully in tact. But, that doesn't matter to Poshmark they will side with the buyer. now I have damaged shoes and I am out money.

I sent out an Item the customer gives me a one star rating I always get a 5 Star rating when I go to see why...... it says ....DID NOT RECEIVE well I look at tracking and it says Delivered yes delivered ..so I contact Poshmark and I say you sent the label I did my part I shipped the Item It says delivered so either the customer the Post office lost it why am I getting the one star you lost it you should get the one star not me ..They say they can't change the rating..... but its not my rating its your rating !!!! RIGHT >>who runs these companies ?????? Rich
I sold a bundle of makeup products and packaged them carefully. The buyer stated the item did not arrived as described. Poshmark sent me an email saying selling used makeup wasn't allowed and the buyer would be sending me back the products. When I received them back they were broken. I contacted them via email and said that they couldn't verify when the item was specifically broken and I should just package my items more careful next time. So not only did I not make a sell, but I also ended up having my stuff broken. They could care less.

GO SELL ON MERCARI INSTEAD.

They sent a wrong item, refused to refund until I sent several pics of wrong item. Then made it very difficult to deal with them. I finally had to file a complaint with Paypal who finally got it resolved. Money was tied way too long though! Will not use Poshmark again!

I used to love selling and buying on Poshmark. It was my go to place to find sold out or rare pieces from clothing brands I love AND I always found some killer deals. It was a great alternative to other social media shopping apps because they had amazing customer service and offered great buyer and seller protection. I could always expect a reply from an actual person within 48 hours (between 2014-2015). Unfortunately, their customer service is essentially non-existent at this point. As a seller, there is no protection. If a buyer damages an item after they receive it or it was damaged in transit, it is your problem. Poshmark will side with the buyer without much question if they submit a report within the 72 hour window. Just this week, one customer purchased a $200 skirt that was brand new with tags. On the 3rd day after arrival she filed a report that it was damaged. Having learned the hard way, I very carefully checked the skirt before shipping (sometimes I even go as far as photographing items a second time as evidence). Poshmark ruled in favor of the buyer without asking for any evidence from my side, even though I alerted them that I had pictures of the skirt prior to shipment. In the claim, it cited a marking (that most definite was not present when it was shipped) AND that the color was not depicted accurately. We used the stock photo from the Reformation website for the exact colorway of the skirt as our photo. I would honestly love to see Poshmark return to its commitment to customer service so users can have faith selling again. Unfortunately, it seems like more and more users are ditching Poshmark for other social media commerce apps. I wish they would invest more into the customers that make the app possible and less into expansion.

The absolute WORST app of all time. Not only do they take 20% of your entire purchase and leave you with very little revenue, they have the WORST customer service. terrible. terrible. terrible. would not recommend wasting your time with this app. They are not looking to help you at all and all they want is your money.

It's like ebay used to be before they got Crazy. As a buyer you don't have to wade through tons of cheap non US seller junk or see the same listings spamming the site from a few sellers under different names. And when you go to check out you never get a message that something went wrong try again later. It makes buying fun again!
From a seller's standpoint it's less threatening than ebay has become. It's very easy for sellers to pick out the few scammers. Listing WORKS!! There are so few glitches on here and they don't change your listings like that other place does.It's like a breath of fresh air or like the good old days at that other place.I recommend trying it with a few small items at first to get your feet wet. you will love it!

You may get lucky and deal with honest sellers, but if you don't, there is no protection for you. I purchased four items. Two were as advertised and with no issue. Of the other two, however, one was a complete scam. It was a homemade cheap knockoff, not what was advertised/shown in photos. The other item was a dry clean only sweater which had obviously been inappropriately cleaned and shrunk at least two sizes. (I have the exact sweater, same size, in another color, so I know.) I contacted customer support, received an auto-response, then nothing else. If things go well, it can be fine, but if there are any issues, there is no protection for you. As someone who has purchased on eBay for years and always had any issue promptly resolved, my experience here was shocking. Where eBay puts processes in place to discourage dishonest sellers, this site seems to only encourage them.

You get no info as to how to contact the seller. Your money is taken and your items are not sent to you. When you inquire about where is your item, they offer to "cancel" so you do NOT get your item and your MONEY is GONE !
NEVER AGAIN POSHMARK ! Beware! Beware! Beware!

Someone bought a bundle from me and took out a case against me that was approved. They sent back two out of the three items and got a refund for the whole thing Happened 3 times

said protect buyers. i didn't accept two shipments as shrunken crap. told buyer protection. paid sellers anyway. have to file claim with my card company. a pain in the ass! stay clear. as a seller made no sales but got interest from cheapos who had no intention of ever paying for anything near it's worth as clearly swine before pearls.

A buyer bought a bundle of items from me. The buyer decided to return them for no good reason. When the items returned, two of the most expensive items were broken. I filed a claim and all Poshmark would do was give me a five dollar credit for $50 in damaged items.

I have sold numerous things on this site and people take advantage of niceness and accommodation. Buyers buy things and once they don't like it or change their mind file a case review and Poshmark will side with the buyer 100% of the time in less than a day!!! The website has no loyalty to the sellers even though without the sellers Poshmark wouldn't exist! Buyers will give low ball offers even though a lot of of the items are super low. EX. $ 5 for a Nasty Girl leather top already marked at $15 and NEVER WORN! I am the last one to write a review but I had glasses shipped out perfectly and the girl said they were damaged and lenses were popped out even though wrapped in tissue paper inside a bag, but because of "proof" with pictures it was accepted to return. This company in the bay area is a joke and not respected clearly by the bay nor users. Bottom line: if you are a seller-get ready to be at the mercy of the buyers and even though they know what they are buying they will get you in trouble and want a return which will be gladly accepted

Love Poshmark! Began selling a little over a month ago and have made a decent amount of money... much more than I would have made selling to Buffalo Exchange. They take a standard $2.95 on sales of less than $15 and then 20% on sales over $15- which kind of sucks but also is reasonable. You must be on your game, make sure to share your listings often and reduce prices if stuff isn't selling. I tried Depop and have had zero success. So far my favorite place to sell my lightly used/nice clothes. Just be prepared to price your stuff at a reasonable price, Poshmark buyers are real bargain hunters. I have found that shoes, high-end jeans, and vintage items sell the best.

I bought a $2000.00 wedding dress from Poshmark. It's been a week and I haven't received it. When I contacted them they told me to contact the SELLER. I had received an e-mail from POSHMARK that I qualified for the special concierge service and Poshmark had instructed the seller to send the dress to THEM and they would forward it to me. WHERE IS THE DRESS??????

Bought a NorthCrest wool sweater that I had an identical one already in a different color. When the posh sweater came it was obviously inappropriately washed, several inches smaller, too tight in the sleeves to wear, and stunk like an old smoked-in hotel room. Took pictures of the sweater laying on top of mine with identical labels showing and obviously much smaller. Posh said the sweater was not misrepresented and that I should have asked for measurements. Ri-i-i-ight. I guess you need to ask if the garments reeks too. Wouldn't even feel good about giving it to Goodwill. Lesson learned. First and last time I'll use Poshmark.

I had purchased form this site in the past, and the experiences were varied at best.
Recently I paid for an item from a seller. The seller accepted my payment, marked the item shipped, and then informed me 2 days after the purchase that the item had already been sold on another site! I did not receive a refund, and in fact was being sent multiple emails from Poshmark to accept the shipment.
It took over seven days to recoup my money through PayPal.
Poshmark did NOT rectify this problem, and the seller was of no assistance either.
I will not purchase from this site again due to the lack of protection they offer.

Poshmark charged my account for an item that I did not purchase. The item was supposedly purchased late at night, and since there is only a three 3 hour window to cancel a purchase... if you are asleep...there is no way to get out of the sale. Word of warning, do not leave your account information for Poshmark to automatically debit... they will do it... and they will do it without consent. They will not refund money... they will allow the bank to cover disputed charges. It is fraudulent related business behavior..

There is NO protection for the sellers. You send your item and you may or may not get paid for your item. If the buyer changes their mind or wants to scam you it's literally allowed by Poshmark!
Don't use this site!!

Sold a necklace, the buyer decided they didn't like it and Poshmark allowed the return. I was OK with that, but when I received the returned necklace the buyer had broken the necklace and stole the cloth bag sold in, Poshmark just said Oh well! I immediately froze my account and will sell elsewhere, or give the items to charity. It is too easy to be ripped off on this site as a seller. They also post fake followers to accounts. They have me following over 100 people or accounts, I wasn't following anyone. Very fake and strange.

Poshmark is a joke. They take so much money from both the sellers and buyers for their own profit and charge both parties for shipping. They have never once helped me when I have had issues with being sold inaccurate items and they allow for a lot of scamming on their site. I have had nothing but horrible service from them. I 100% do not recommend this site. I have had much better experiences through eBay, Depop, and Mercari. Poshmark needs to be closed down. They're the greediest and dumbest people to run an online site.
I witnessed a lot on poshmark. Poshmark has many good features that protect their sellers and buyers. The only problem I have is the amount of scammers on here. I sold a few things in which got cancelled a day or 2 later because of an "unverified payment" and posh actually gave me the money and the scammer got my sweater for free. It felt like complete bullsh1t, but at least I got my money. As a buyer that's bought a ton of stuff, I've had a good experience so far. Also, for those who see a brand new designer item going for SUPER CHEAP, don't expect it to be real. Like yeezys going for $100 lol. Come on, It's common sense. Overall, poshmark is not as bad as these other reviews say. It's trustworthy and you have buyer & seller protection. As any other app, just becareful of scammers and have fun poshing. Also, check my profile out, @abeabdull.

Bought a golf sweater pullover that had only been worn a few times. Washed it and it came out with holes in it. Clearly had been abused before it was sold to me. Shouldve been a clear-cut return but Poshmark decided in their infinite wisdom to decline my request. Buy from Poshmark at your peril. I will never again.

I sold a Gucci hat to a woman who then harassed me on the Poshmark site that it was the wrong size and said horrible things. I retaliated and then she proceeded to write something on all my listings. Poshmark accepted her return to me and she returned a completely different piece of junk hat. Poshmark will not answer my emails nor phone calls.. I have filed a report with the Better Business Bureau and I'm going to take further action. Do not use this site.

Woman with the above username bought my item, and filed a misrepresentation case. I am currently awaiting to settle a dispute. I had taken excessive pictures of the item on my phone. I did not even know that you could deny a return. Poshmark accepted her case. When she returned the dress which was completely new, I found that asgutierrez10 had made rips in the dress, which I suspect is how she got the item returned. I am awaiting to hear the case currently, but seller beware.

Sellers on Poshmark are not vetted. No seller reviews either to inform potential buys. Twice I've tried to buy something- the seller even responded to my questions- and then after I made my payment, the item was never shipped, both times. Poshmark refunded me but their sellers are scam artists and I will never use Poshmark again. The deadbeat sellers are probably loser women who are eBay rejects.

I decided to try Poshmark out to sell some items and see how it compares with EBay. Well, there is no comparison. Poshmark is a bunch of women selling crap clothes and shoes that they either dumpster dived through Good Will for or outgrew themselves. I had many high end items (bags, shoes, etc that I listed) and these vulchers would lowball you and harass you at every turn for basicAlly not giving your items away. Poshmark also has a fixed shipping price which stinks. Also if you sell over the $6.95 fixed shipping price, YOU not the buyer, pay the extra shipping! Lol ok. Thats a good business model.

The moderators on the site bully people around products and also comments made during transactions. Its unreal. I had happy buyers but wont again stray from eBAy and the quality items and polite, positive buyers and sellers there.

Beware of Poshmark. Dont waste your money. Its a scam!

Gotten a Michael Kohrs purse for $45, lots of VS bralettes cheap, and a vera Bradley lunch box! I have also made over $100 selling some of my old clothes! Join me on Poshmark, the #1 app to buy & sell fashion. Shop 5,000+ brands at up to 70% off! Sign up with code COURTNEY_BAKERR to save $5: https://bnc.lt/focc/gS1VpCoObH

Ive had many great experiences on here. Ive sold a number of items and bought a few items as well. I think you just need to research who youre dealing with via their about me section. Love all the amazing sellers on the app @ipsey

I was a new seller on Poshmark, I heard a lot of great reviews and was strapped for cash so I decided to trust their website. I decided to sell a genuine Louis Vuitton bag to a seller, I know it's genuine because I didn't buy it from an outside source, I bought it off of the Louis Vuitton Website.

I posted the item for $650 and it sold three days later for $550. I read the full policies for sellers and it said that it would go through Poshmark Headquarters first, prior to reaching the buyer. This didn't worry me as I know it is a genuine luxury item. I sent it to the "Poshmark Headquarters" as labeled with my return address, and waited patiently for my funds to come into my account.

Five days later they sent me an e-mail, lying and saying after a deep review with "luxury experts" they found my genuine bag as counterfeit and that it will be confiscated and destroyed if I don't send $20 via PayPal. I know my bag is real because it matches all the verification checks and I bought it from Louis Vuitton...

I sent following correspondence declaring that I was going to press charges for theft, and expected that I was going to pay money for an item that was originally mine to begin with. I feel sorry that I was naive enough to trust their service. LUXURY SELLERS BEWARE, the "experts" will say your item is fake and keep it to sell it straight from Poshmark Headquarters. Also, natural right that they claim that they have is not listed in their policies.

They are a scam! I lost a genuine Louis Vuitton purse that I didn't want to sell in the first place, but did because I knew it was authentic and needed the money. I feel naive to have lost such an expensive item for no reason and i feel offended that they tried to charge me for return of my item, when it is listed that it would automatically be returned free of charge if the buyer doesn't accept.

They are full of crap, they steal your luxury goods for their profit, and are con artists for trying to keep goods in the first place. Do not trust them with selling your products! Learn from my mistakes!!!!

Not a very good site to sell stuff buyer always right dont even waste your time. Im not very happy with the support they just took the buyers word eventhough the item as described.Dont sell you stuff in this site go somewhere else other than they charged too much for the seller also luck of support from the site.

I've contacted them a few times to change my information to ensure my customer get their order and no response... My first sell, if they take any money from me, they will be SHUT DOWN!!! I'm a Compliance Officer and know exactly what to do when I'm being ripped off ... Please contact Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, and believe me they are like the FBI, maybe even worse they are the ones who sued Wells Fargo , and they go after WEB SITE SUCH POSHMARK its not right for you to sell your items and you are not protected and your funds are not paid to you Poshmark has not right to keep your funds. Take a dime from me I will personally contact the CFPB...

I sold some high end designer items on posh and I had almost $2000 still in my account and they stole all of it. Every single penny. I contacted them and they played the whole "I don't see anything on our end" yet I sent pictures and all the proof in the world. Horrible site. Never went back and encourage everyone to stay away from it unless you want to lose your items and your money. Along with several fakes sold on that site and other scammers. Not a place I will ever buy or sell from again!

Sellers are charged at least 20% per each listing ,more if the item is under $15 (for example item is $5 Poshmark takes $2.95). Horrible customer service. A buyer scammed me. I sold a used dress and new without tags hat. Buyer returned item because of (random hairs on dress) the pictures she submitted showed little to no proof) Items were not damaged in any way. Poshmark immediately sided with buyer within 3 hours of delivery (I had no input could not defend myself) Upon return I received. Beaten up box with holes, and it had been crushed (you can tell it's an old used box). My dress was stretched out at the waist ( buyer probably tried it on and didn't want it) , my hat was completely crushed and out of shape. I told poshmark as soon as I got my items, no reply for days. I sent another email, still waiting on a reply.

I'm a seller and been selling on Poshmark for over two years now and I'm making pretty decent extra income which is very nice, but aside from that I get fed up so easily with certain buyers. I'm a top rated and reputable seller (4.9 rating) with unsatisfied customers occasionally and sometimes they just drive me completely nuts. Usually these buyers fail to ask questions or read my clear and concise descriptions prior to purchasing from my closet. I accurately describe my listings as best as possible with measurements, fabric content, flaws, and accurate colors to provide a fantastic shopping experience for them and to avoid them damaging my overall average rating.. but in the end I will always waste my time, energy, and expenses on some of the most ignorant customers who can't seem to figure out how Poshmark works and fail to realize that returns ARE POSSIBLE. Kindly open a case for a return and we will accept it IF your reason is valid or if we made an honest mistake. DON'T try to return something just cause it wasn't what you expected or it didn't fit. It's not the seller's fault so of course Poshmark is going to side with us. I've only ever dealt with one return and it was actually a couple months back. It was smooth and handled very well because I made an honest mistake and the buyer was nice about it so I went ahead and gladly accepted the return! If you're new to buying on Poshmark, I don't blame you.. but please learn the ropes before making your first purchase and know that there is a rating system that will either make or break the seller and that we sellers DO NOT control clothing sizes and it is YOUR responsibility to know your measurements and size you typically wear in your favorite brands. A vast majority of listings on Poshmark are secondhand and lots of clothing brands run differently hence why sellers provide approximate measurements in descriptions. Interact with sellers through the comments as much as possible because we're practically the only ones providing you customer service since Poshmark won't do much on both ends! And please, just PLEASE be considerate when making offers. It's disrespectful and rude that some of you actually have the nerve to lowball the **** out of us. Many sellers, like myself, rely on this platform and treat it as a business to earn extra income and offers asking 50% off or more will almost always be ignored, countered, or declined. This is NOT eBay, Poshmark is a more upscale/trendy site which takes a 20% commission from sellers because that is how they make their money as well as THEM charging you shipping.. not the seller. Don't like the shipping rate? Well sellers shop too and we certainly don't like it either. We're all paying to get our mail within 1-3 days, it's outrageously high but it is what it is. This was very unprofessional of me to write but the way that some buyers blame the sellers for their unhappy purchases is just beyond absurd and I wish Poshmark could add new features to prevent silly buyers from crushing an honest, hardworking seller's reputation. Sellers have feelings too and will get butt hurt and angry if we're given a terrible rating that most of the time we don't deserve (especially with no explanation), we're all going to assume it's buyers remorse. If you're going to buy on Poshmark, steer away from inactive/dishonest sellers to avoid feeling scammed or taken advantage of and gravitate to well-established sellers with an outstanding selling history. They'll be glad to do business with you, ship your order fast.. and maybe, just maybe, you'll be satisfied with your experience. Remember, it's your responsibility to know what to expect. I hope this review was helpful in some kind of way to buyers having issues on Poshmark but no matter how hard sellers back themselves up, we still can't seem to please everyone.

I bought a pair of shoes that was listed as "split suede" and when they came, they were felt fabric. Sent a dispute, with photos of the inside label that clearly said "Fabric Upper," but with an offer to negotiate price (felt is not as expensive as leather). Poshmark came back disallowing my request, with a curt "product was not misrepresented" response. Never again.

I don't normally write reviews but this site has the worst service. Allows sellers to list items that are NOT as described and will NOT allow any returns in a simple process. There isn't any helpdesk support to assist with issues and questions-- there is only an email to send messages to that take 24 hrs to get a reply. DON'T use this site.

Placed order Sept 23, now Oct 4, item still has not shipped. No response from inquiries to seller. Postmark received no reply from seller. Thought I'd try the site. Will not use again.

Poshmark does nothing to protect sellers. Once merchandise has been sent, it is the sellers' (dishonest) words agains the buyers who've now lost their merchandise too.

I have encountered two such sellers. They either had a case of buyer's remorse or were running a scam. Each time a case was opened, once claiming item was damaged (brand new with tag), once claiming fake (sent with certificate from store of purchase). How can poshmark judge the verity of these accusations? What is worse poshmark hides behind the screen with no live customer service staff to address tricky situations such as these. I was encouraged to offer my side of the story. An automatic response thanking me for my concern was all I got. It is irresponsible business conduct and encourages bad behavior online.

I would NOT recommend buying anything on this site, unless you are 100% certain it will fit, look good and that you love it. They have a NO return policy -- even if an item doesn't fit.

I'll start by saying I'm not normally someone who likes to buy online. I prefer purchasing items in the store because I can feel and see them and try them on.

However, I had a specific pair of shoes that I LOVE that I've worn so long the soles are falling off. This style is 1-2 years old, so I haven't been able to find any new online or in stores. I figured buying the same exact pair that I have, in the same size, wouldn't be a problem with an online purchase. I was a brand new customer to Poshmark and made my 1st purchase last week. The ordering and delivery process was great and I had no issues until the order arrived at my home. I ordered these shoes in the exact same brand, style and size of the shoes I already own (not from Poshmark). The shoes were a different color, but otherwise the same in every aspect to the shoes I already own (which fit me perfectly). I knew that Poshmark had a "no return" policy, but I guess I assumed if the item didn't fit so much so that it was falling off my foot, that I would be able to return it. The length of the shoe was fine, however the shoes are incredibly stretched out from the seller having an oversized/thicker foot than me. The stretchy material is stretched out and they did not fit my feet. They fell off when I walked. Poshmark allows you to submit a case for a return, which I did.

I took pictures of both these shoes that I purchased and the current pair that I own to show the difference in the way these two items fit. Poshmark came back and denied my return because the shoes are size 8.5 as the seller advertised. While the seller did not purposely mis-represent the shoesed), they do not fit at ALL like the previous pairs I've had in the same exact size. I feel like this site is trying to swindle money away and prevent buyers from returning items that do not work for them. I was completely dissatisfied with the outcome, return process, and the item I received. I'm going to donate it to a Goodwill store and hopefully someone else with a different sized foot can wear it. As far as I'm concerned it was a complete waste of $20. I am now planning to permanently close my account. They do not have any customer service you can call and talk to or anyone to email, except a general "support" email.

I get the fact that a resale online site probably can't handle returns with everyone and especially if a buyer decides they just don't like the item or color. However, I believe there should be a return available for items that radically do not fit/cannot even be used by the buyer because of how they fit. I also realize every online store and business has site policies, terms and conditions, which we are, OF COURSE, supposed to read... even though no one does. I even wrote them a final email suggesting they be more up front and transparent when someone clicks on "purchase" that there is a NO RETURN policy.

I was conned out of $140.00, the seller blocked me and deleted my comments as soon as I had paid. After 6 daily emails with no response from customer service, it looks like I won't be getting my money back. I tried to cancel but it's not working and there's no safety net in place for customers who get conned like this. Do not buy from Poshmark, try ebay, Tradesy or Depop instead.

This is a great place to both buy and sell if you as the buyer and the seller take a proactive approach...

For buyers.. review all photos well.. If you have a question ask it.. don't be afraid to ask gor more photos... or to ask questions about an item you wish to purchase...

Take a look at the persons stats that you are purchasing from.. how fast they ship.. if they cancel orders often.. or if they have a low star rating... Make an informed decision about who you buy from... This will save you a lot of stress...

If you sell... read all of the rules.. and know that posh charges buyers over $6 for 2 day shipping.. be aware of that and respectful of shipping in a short amount of time.. or risk a low star rating... that $6+ is what the post office charges for fast shipping.. posh is not making money on that end.. so respect your buyers and ship in a timely manner..

Also know that as one who sells on Poshmark.. You agree to either a $3 + Posh commission on items under $15 or 20% for items over...

Buyers... try not to low ball... if you offer $5 for an item.. know that that person will only be paid less than $2 of that...

There is no reason to remark on an item you feel is to expensive... In fact.. a fellow Posher can file a complaint against you for harassment... On the other end.. do not respond to someone who does this.. block them... be professional to be successful...

Poshmark is an amazing place to both buy and sell as long as you are proactive as a posher... I learned this the hardway... I hope that this will assist others in an easier route...

As far as luxury goods go.. You can ask that the seller send them to be Authenticated when purchased.. the seller pays for this... and you are not charged until the item is proven to be authentic...

Most of the bad reviews you read about can be avoided if you take on the responsibility of being a proactive posher... Happy Poshing!!! I hope this helps...

do NOT buy anything that has a size to take into consideration. If the shoe doesn't fit, you will likely NOT get your money back. What a sham. I am different sizes from the same designer. There is no way to tell if it fits until you try them on.

I wanna say to all of the people, that wrote a review Thank You, for taking the time to write the review. You've saved me money, time, and a headache, dealing with a unprofessional company.

Shipped a purse 2 weeks ago. Never received payment. No one from Poshmark responds to my complaint! Payment has been pending for two weeks but buyer received handbag. RIPOFF

I have been on this site for several months now as a buyer and a seller. I am constantly shocked at the lack of professionalism this company provides their consumers.
There is absolutely no phone number given for you to contact the company, so you are forced to do everything via email which takes between 48 hours and 7 days to resolve any issues.
My most recent negative experience with this company was I purchased a Tiffany and Company ring. It was a fake. So to get a return approved you must file a claim. Which I did! The problem was they took so long to approve my claim, that by the time they sent me a return shipping label I was out of town. when a seller goes out of town they place their account on vacation hold. So, it was a no-brainer that I would not be able to return the item immediately. I informed Poshmark of this as soon as they approved the returned. But of course received no emailed response back. the day I got back, ( late Saturday night( I took my account off vacation hold. Sunday I woke up and found that they marked my purchase as delivered. Which means they transferred funds for the ring to the seller My account came off vacation hold on a Saturday night. Clearly I did not have time to return the item, since there was no mail available until Monday. So, I guess I am just screwed out of my money, even though it is against the law to sell or represent a replica online.
I've also had customers be able to leave negative reviews on me for petty little things such as... the hue of the shoes was different in real life then in the photos. Ridiculous!!!
I've also had friends that sell High ticket items. One of my friends did a thousand-dollar transaction for several pieces of Tiffany and Company jewlery. The buyer decided she couldn't really afford the pieces at the time, and right away had asked my friend to cancel the order. Poshmark only allows returns if it is a replica, or not as described. So when the order was cancelled, the lady submitted it was a replica. The problem is, Poshmark does not tell a seller what the problem is until they either approve or deny the case. So, my friend didn't know an item was even being claimed as a replica until Poshmark approved the return. After my friend found out the reason the return was approved, she immediately provided Poshmark pictures of six other items that were identical in Hallmark's and stampings weight measurements ect. She also provided documentation from the seller she purchased purchased it from which has been selling Tiffany and Company for 28 years, and has a stellar reputation, with absolute zero negative feedback. He provided his personal phone number and all the testing and research he did to authenticate the piece...I E. Testing to make sure the gold was real... excetera excetera excetera. My friend also took the piece to Tiffany and Company afterwards and had them in writing authenticate it. But the return had already been approved and the items had already been returned, so my friend was just screwed out of $1,000 in sales, and has had her business reputation tarnished because Poshmark did not do their own due diligence.
Poshmark will only personally look at an item Hands-On if the selling price was over $500. Since this was a bundle package and the item in question was only sold for $450, they instead send out pictures to random buyers and sellers to ask them what they think. And if they think it is a replica or not. So, basically any moron can say whatever they want and that's what they go by. Since the item was purchased as a bundle, my friend lost out on the entire purchase price because anything but as a bundle, has to be returned as a bundle. Poshmark buying and selling system, and customer service, is highly flawed, and unprofessional!!!

I just feel the need to be appropriately fair. I eventually received the dress - weeks too late for my event. However ,,, the dress was as stated. Beautiful
And I can wear it to another event- so in the big picture ( I just went thru a hurricane ) I can deal with not getting the dress on time. I have used this site again and again since my bad review and had all good experiences. I guess when you run a business depending on other people to get it "right" - things will go wrong. I'm happy with my purchase.

But be like Amazon and get rid of scammer or idiot sellers. This girl I bought dress from shipped my dress to another buyer and a bra to me.
Bye girl
She doesn't have a brain so get rid of her. The dress was for 2 weeks ago still waiting. I have not shipped bra yet because of Irma. But seriously why has this become my problem.

Kick her to the curb. I guess Amazon and eBay are for smart people

I bought a designer dress, then i had feelings that it was fake (by the way it was sewed) I made a request to official brand website, they confirmed that the dress i bought from Poshmark was fake. I complained to Poshmark, they returned me part of the price, but i wanted they block the seller who sells fake product. They didn't , so she is still there d\selling fake dresses. And most funny people who have no clue about how designer clothes look like so appreciate her for cheaper price for so fresh collection

I bought a purse that was advertised as Ralph Lauren and leather. It was neither. I showed the purse to two local retailers who sell Ralph Lauren and they both confirmed in a written letter that it was indeed counterfeit. I submitted these letters, along with photos of the obvious fake purse, to Poshmark, but they still refused to refund my money. This whole process took a good month, mind you, since it takes them 2 days to respond to an email and there is no phone support. Luckily, I bought the purse with a credit card, so I filed a dispute through the credit card company and got my refund that way.

I ordered a MAC lipstick, didn't know what exactly poshmark was. I received a USED lipstick, grosssss! how unhygienic not to mention it was not cheaper, they charged me $6.75.to send a half used grubby looking lipstick. How can they even consider selling used lipsticks.?

I am a seller on Poshmark. I list all items. I list all sizes, all measurements. The material of the item. I disclose everything. And I post a lot of pictures I answer all questions also. I have nothing to hide. I am not happy with the commission they get, or the price of shipping. I myself do not buy a lot because of the shipping fees! I do have a 5-star rating and only had one return because the buyer did not read that I did state the boots run narrow. I was not happy. They received their money back plus was able to keep the boots. This was unfair.The boots were also brand new, never worn. The reason why I was selling is because I had a stroke and could longer wear heels. Customer service could be better if they hired more people. This goes to the top and letting go of some profits. I also do not like the same generated letter that customer service sends when help is needed. And when they do answer, its past the time allowed for shipping or other seller concerns. I also post pictures of my shipping process. I wrap all items like a gift, along with card of thanks. I do see lots of replicas, and items that I cant believe some people sell. The clothing is dirty and I never buy shoes that I can see dirty footprints. I would never sell items like this. I wash all items and iron if needed. All I can say is ask a lot of questions and ask for more pictures. If the seller doesn't respond, I would not buy. I am also on my site everybody, and I monitor a lot of buyers for scamming.

It is a horrible place for sellers, not to say you can find good deals but not everyone's complaints are treated the same, their customer service sucks and they never loose, I sold a tunic top down to $3, it had been worned twice, not the most expensive nor designer piece of clothing but it was cleaned and pretty, Poshmark made $2.95 , i went through all the shiping and packaging the item to their standards and made a woping $.05, yes that is right. Don't waste your time thinking you will be treated fairly, I tried to return a pair of shoes that did not fit properly, poor material and hurt a lot, not all the information about the shoes was disclosed, I tried to return them, they were not a brand name , just cheap wallmart plastic shoes, but they would not allow me to return them, so I lost $20 and gained a pair of lousy shoes...BE carefull..Customer service is non existant in POSHMARK and consumer rights are not the same for everyone.

I purchased a supposedly new sweater and it arrived in an shrunken unwearable state. When I complained, my member privileges were blocked without warning. I contacted the site and the response was that I had been warned multiple times. I never received an email and asked the company to provide the emails they supposedly sent. I never heard back. This company stands behind it's scammer clientele and does care nor protect the consumer. I have used Ebay for over 10 years and never had any issues. Do yourself a favor and purchase from a reputable site. Not one who couldn't care less about a college student losing out on almost $65.

You purchase; they charge your card and then you wait and wait and wait. The seller has not responded since the purchase. Customer Service tells me how to respond online to get my money back (which will take a several days). I am not even sure if they products they are offering even still exist. One of the worse buying experiences ever. AVOID!

Absolutely no seller protection. Buyers can scam left and right and poshmark will do nothing to protect the sellers. High fees and no protection make this an awful selling platform.

NEW: 8-28-17 My brother got married this July and I bought my new sister in law an authentic Coach wristlet and an authentic Coach wallet. I was very happy with the entire purchase and paying process! I also bought two inspired totes that were just awesome and beautiful!
I even made a purchase but needed to return it due to a broken zipper and I had no problems at all.
Overall, I would shop there again, BUT make sure you ask LOTS OF QUESTIONS!
From my understanding of the wording for returns, you pretty much can't get your money back. That is so stupid! Why buy something you could never return?
Questions- What is the fabric? Just because the tag says Large, is this really a large? Large like 12 or large like 14? What are the colors? Any rips, tears, stains?
I downloaded and labeled all the pictures of the items I've purchased.
PRICES:
Pics 1 & 2: $23 + $6.49 Shipping = $29.49
Pics 3 & 4: $10 + $6.49 Shipping = $16.49
Pic 5: $5 + $6.49 Shipping = $11.49
Pic 6: $15 + $6.49 Shipping = $21.49
Pic 7: $30 + $6.49 Shipping = $36.49
Pic 8 & 9: $8 + $6.49 Shipping = $14.49
Pic 10 & 11: $$$ + $6.49 Shipping = $$$
Pic 12: $9 + $6.49 Shipping = $15.49
Pic 13 & 14: $8 + $6.49 Shipping = $14.49
Pic 15: $$ + $6.49 Shipping = $$

I'm not sure why there are so many recent bad reviews, but I noticed NO ONE who is complaining has posted any pictures, or specific dates, specific sellers, nor specific amounts of money they've been cheated out of.
Poshmark's policy is to hold the payment and once you receive your purchase, they give you three days to accept your purchase or notify them of a problem!
Like I said, it's important to ASK LOTS OF QUESTIONS BEFORE BUYING! You can even ask for MORE PICTURES if you need to see something that's not pictured. If the seller gets upset or combative, then CLEARLY you DON'T want to buy from that person!
Be a smart buyer so YOU don't have any problems!
1. See when the seller joined the site
2. See how many items they have listed
3. See if they have "Love Notes" (buyers reviews of the seller and purchase)
Read them if they do!
4. Never accept when a "seller" asks to handle the purchase off Poshmark!
If they just joined within 1-3 months, have no listed items, no sold items, and ask you to call them or email them, then THEY'RE PLANNING ON SCAMMING YOU!
Poshmark isn't the only site that these losers operate!
Good luck!

****TO POSHMARK:
1. STOP being so greedy by taking 20% PLUS the high shipping rate! Cut out your overhead wherever possible and be fair to these sellers! Shipping shouldn't cost that much!
2. MONITOR your sellers! If someone hasn't logged on in more than two weeks, then give them like a "3 Strikes" rule. If they do this 3 times, then they shouldn't be able to sell on your site! It's NOT the BUYERS responsibility to watch for lazy sellers! Don't you know these people give your site a bad image?
2. REMOVE items that have been sold! It's fine that the sold items are in the seller's closet, BUT when your site offers "SIMILAR ITEMS" WHY would you want to display an item that has been sold? It's NOT like anyone can buy it so why offer it as a similar item? It should only be items that are FOR SALE!
3. LOVE NOTES - I get it, NO ONE wants to read ALL your rules and regulations, but I had NO idea what a "LOVE NOTE" was! When I searched/googled it, I still DIDN'T find any information on it! YOU really NEED to ADD this information when someone is completing a purchase so everyone knows what it is, how to leave a love note and the purpose for it!

This is the most anti-seller site in existence!! Besides the 20% fees which is expensive, it allows the customer to be paid a refund without returning the merch!! If a customer files a complaint, the seller has no access to the proof of which they are complaining so the buyer can say anything. Poshmark refunds the buyer out of the sellers account before they even get the return so you have to cross your fingers you get it back!

If there was a ZERO rating, I would have chosen that instead of a 1 rating. Thought I was ordering a men's LARGE polo shirt, but instead was a women's LARGE.... and Poshmark would not allow me to return it.

Ordered boots canceled and never recieved my refund.The money was never restored back into my paypal account while the order was canceled.Reached out to poshmark and they never answered , only recieved an automated email , no directive or help.Never again.

Bought some boots and they were junk obviously worn before and just junk. They won't let me return for a refund. Fifty dollars. Might as well have thrown the money out the window Don't use then

It's a pretty awesome site, it's not perfect but it's one of the better selling apps out there. I don't like that the shipping is so expensive or the 20% sellers fee makes low offers impossible to make money on. The low ball offers can be bad to they should have a cap that it can't have an offer less than 30% off asking price. A buyer making an offer for 3.00 nets the seller a nickel. I also don't like how people bundle items with no intention of ever buying in the first place, and I absolutely hate all the stock photos and photos from the Internet it's actually illegal and copyright infringement but so many do it and nothing is ever done about it same as inspired by or mislabeling the brands for more views. Overall you can make money on this site but you have to invest time you get sales by following sharing and being active if you do none of these things you won't see sales.but for me it's better than mercari vinted or eBay. Just use caution and respect as both a buyer and seller. If you want a quick buck this isn't for you.

Many item discriptions are misleading. Sellers are allowed to post as a certain size, even if the actual size is different. Bought one size and received another. Told I would not receive a refund.

I love everything about this site down to the color of the brand. But one thing that I hate? Not only are they taking 30% of what I'll earn but $6.50 for shipping on everything? A little thing such as Earrings shouldn't cost that much to ship

Shame on you Poshmark for NOT enforcing your published policies.
Ex: Prohibited Products Last Updated- July 13, 2016
Prohibits replicas, fakes, counterfeit, inspired by, inspired by Chanel, Button Jewelry.

Talk to Us - we strive to go above and beyond for EACH of our members.
We can help resolve the issue on your behalf. After all, that's what we're here for.

REALLY!!!!
Poshmark Policies ONLY apply to a selected few community members.
Prohibited Items Policy updated July 13 and members selling since 2014 and still selling inspired by Chanel, Button Jewelry violating trademark law according to Poshmark . Poshmark has obvious preferential removal policy of these Prohibited items. Shameful!!!!
Wake up Poshmark. Stand behind and enforce your Policies in Print.
YOUR RULES/POLICIES SHOULD APPLY TO ALL SELLERS!

Shipping rates of $6.95 on a $5 or $10 item turns me off. i won't buy it. And when they offer discounted shipping it is usually at a time of day that is impossible to take advantage of it!

There to proud of there site and a 20% sellers fee screws the whole site. Who ever is the head boss of this site is a greedy s of a beach.

I've yet to have any real issue with buying or selling. I love that listings don't expire, unlike some other sites. But there are some things i don't like. Sales can be slow. It unfortunately caters more to a higher end market. I'f you're not buying shirts that cost at least $40 new, good luck getting any interest from shoppers when you go to sell your old wardrobe. They have a flat $2.95 or 20% fee, whichever is greater. And they handle shipping on their end, you just print the label and go. Awesome...until you have someone offer $3 on an item. Really? I can make a whole nickle on a sale? It would cost me less in gas and time to dump everything at a thrift store. Everyone says how active a user you are will determine how well your sales flow is. I find it very time consuming to constantly share and follow. Time would be better spent listing and shipping.

Fun, friendly, great deals, super customer support, what more could you want? I love Poshmark! Why keep or donate good stuff you aren't going to wear, when you can sell it and use the $ toward buying something you will wear!

You cannot trust sellers. They don't police sellersfor inactivity ( I made offer never responded, seller has been inactive for months but has like 14 items for sale); also had seller sell me item then cancel it saying she can't find the item..ridiculous. Poshmark responded saying buyer should look at dates when seller last did something?/!! Lame. They really cannot be trusted. Plus seller has 7 days to ship while they are holding charge on your credit card. That's a scam...Ebay requires seller to ship in 2 business days!

Some sellers are honest and send you items quickly. There are fake designer items and some items you don't receive. I believe they sell your items to people that offer them more $$$ I am deleting my account with them. Not satisfied with my experience

Support for sellers sucks but I think everything else is great. There are going to be scammers everywhere. That's why they say buyer beware

I absolutely love Poshmark! Lots of great finds and such a nice community of sellers and buyers! Would recommend to anyone.

Poshmark is a great way to side hustle! I sell clothes on the app, which is super easy to use, and the community of buyers and sellers is great! As always there can be a bad experience or two on any selling platform but the good 100% outweighs the bad!

I am sad to see so many people have had bad experiences on Poshmark, because this is such a wonderful website! I have been a seller on it for 3 years! I have a 4.9 overall rating and have made well over 2,000 sales. I love the community for posh as well! I agree the 20% is a bit steep, but regardless, this is a great website!!

Great for finding peices you love that are no longer made or selling your clothes/shoes you no longer wear!

Great site! Easy to use with fabulous deals! Don't pay retail, check on PM first! Jeans are especially a great value.

I have only had good experiences both as a buyer and seller. As a seller, it is quite time-consuming. As a retired person, time is something I have a lot of. Posh supplements my income and fellow buyers/sellers have been very supportive.

I love Poshmark. Never ever had an issue. I've been on it as a buyer and seller since 2012. Once a dress didn't arrive, but it wasn't Poshmark or seller fault. It was a mix up by USPS. Poshmark refunded my money and the seller. No loss. Please try it, you're going to find great deals and you are protected.

I've only had 2 bad experiences and customer service was very helpful. All of the other transactions went great

Love Poshmark. The easiest way to get rid of good condition clothes from your personal closet, and you'll get way more than a consignment shop or thredup will give you! It's all about community and fun! Sure it has its flaws, it's not perfect, but I have enjoyed it so far.

I have had nothing but good transactions w very fast shipping. Love posh mark I have met some wonderful ladies and hope to meet more. This is an open community buy and sell site YOU have to be mindful of who you are buying from and what you are buying. Great app!

terrible!!!!! Their rules are not enforced. They allow fake items to be sold on their website. If you dispute anything with paypal they will completely block you from making future purchases. These people are Scammers and will be reported on fox 5 news in my area.

I purchased NEW shoes listed as size 8.5. When received, they are WAY smaller than 8.5, though they are size 8.5, and are really cheaply made. Requested a return and was denied. So Im stuck with really over priced shoes that I cannot even get a foot into. Total Rip off!!!

Police don't make sense! I ordered two items from a seller and was shipped a wrong item. So I followed the instructions where you verify you received an order and marked wrong order and sent a description and pictures of what happened. Poshmark customer service got back offering me a $10 coupon to keep the item and let it go (the item I ordered was more than $10). I declined. Their next option: I have to ship everything I ordered back and get I full refund. I had no other options and two days to decide. I sent them multiple emails trying to come up with a different solution and they just kept telling me they didn't do partial returns or refunds. I kept saying it wasn't a return I didn't get the item I ordered and already paid for and they needed to fix that! I finally contacted the seller on her PUBLIC wall (I had no other way of contacting her) She apologized and we decided to do what they said and she would just resell me my order. So I shipped back the mistake item and the item I wanted to keep. Rebought the 2 items a few days later, everything seemed ok till they got lost in the mail!! So an item I had in my possession is lost because Poshmark made me return it. Out of a two-week hassle and lots of emails, I come out with literally nothing. Not even an apology or coupon from Poshmark. I can't believe they are still in business they seriously suck!

While there are certainly great deals on Poshmark and I've purchased many things, IF/WHEN you do have a problem with the seller (item not as described) you're in for a less than Zero experience with their customer service which is in no way professional, courteous, or friendly.

The only recourse you have is to file a dispute with your method of payment for a full refund.

Don't buy from them. If the item is not right, you can't return.They sent the wrong color and claimed it had "never been worn" when it obviously had. Stay clear!

Sold a necklace, the buyer decided they didn't like it and Poshmark allowed the return. I was OK with that, but when I received the returned necklace the buyer had broken the necklace and stole the cloth bag sold in, Poshmark just said Oh well! I immediately froze my account and will sell elsewhere, or give the items to charity. It is too easy to be ripped off on this site as a seller. They also post fake followers to accounts. They have me following over 100 people or accounts, I wasn't following anyone. Very fake and strange.

I purchased two items on posh mark with no trouble, the items were sent, after waiting about a week before they shipped, and although it took a long time for them to ship, when they did ship it arrived quickly and the items were as described. but two items I ordered and paid the money and the funds were withdrawn from my account, I waited a week to receive the 'shipping confirmation' and there was nothing! one time I had to ask Poshmark and they said the "sale was cancelled by the seller because the item was damaged." But the item was listed as 'sold'.
The second time this happened I waited a week for my order to be shipped and Poshmark sends an email saying the "item is cancelled, because the seller has 'changed their mind.'" CHANGED THEIR MIND?
Wow! I am out funds then for three weeks, the week I waited, and the two weeks to get the funds back in my bank account, and all for a WILD GOOSE CHASE!!! and some mysterious cancellations!!!
Then they do this weird thing called "following" which is creepy and reeks of stalking on their website, and you open your account and it says "so and so is following you"... wow! who asked for that?.
Then it is almost impossible to cancel your account!
I don't think they know what they are doing and do not regulate bad sellers and then the poor good sellers suffer from bad buyers. It is a shame!!!

I ordered an expensive coat on Poshmark. The seller never sent it and refused to have any contact with me although she sold on different sites. This site is not racist- anyone can have a bad experience.

Horrible customer service from returns department! Will NEVER buy from there again!!

My first purchase was "new with tags" full price. I immediately identified it as defective, not as advertised, not authentic. I submitted to the "team" pictures 5 times, numerous emails, never accepted the shipment. My refund is denied and I am told to open a poshmark store and sell them. This is completely unethical. I am out $66.00 plus shipping costs.
Sellers would love them, they never have to refund for fake items.

Hi, I bought shoes from Poshmark for $435. A few months later I decided to buy more things from Poshmark and maybe to sell as well. Every time I try to buy something it says, something went wrong. After 2 weeks of trying, I contacted customer service over email. They are not able to give their customers a phone number to call like they do on ebay. On Oct.16th I sent my first email to Poshmark, and on Oct. 21st, my problem has not been solved yet! No buying and No selling, because they have my old billing address. Even though I changed my address on my account. Every time I get a response from the same girl, Shabana, I need to wait for another answer for another 24 hours! My husband is a seller on ebay. Somebody from another country hacked into his account. On "Saturday" morning he called there with his problem and it was solved within 30 minutes. Poshmark made 20% on my shoe purchase and could make much more from other purchases and my customer representative is not able to help me with my problem in one week. And now the weekend is coming :)) I will sell and buy on kidizen and with good old ebay! Shame on Poshmark, they make money on customers, but are not able to give us the right customer service! What happend to customer service in America???

I am a seller on Poshmark and I've had nothing less than rewarding experiences. I received my money in a timely manner as well as great feedback from the buyers. I purchased a choker from a seller and it came as described brand new in its original packaging in excellent condition. I guess everyone has to try it for themselves. I'm a happy Posher

The company itself is trustworthy in that they will refund you if a seller doesn't come through. However, they have no vetting process for their "sellers". I've only attempted to purchase items twice through Poshmark and both times the seller never sent the item (even when there was correspondence between us about the item, i.e. the measurements, fabric, etc.). Poshmark refunded me but I will never buy from them again because their sellers are liars and aren't to be trusted about the item they are supposedly selling.

Poor customer service!!! I got a Zara sweater for $60 and when I received it, I realized it's fake ! It was half an hour after I received the item.,, they didn't refund me and they just gave me $25 credit!it means I lost $35 with no reason! I gave them extra emails but no response! I wanted to ask the seller refund my money and I would return the item(I hate fake ones)
But seller blocked me and is still selling... it means that every body can go and sell fake items without mentioning that and buyers will loose their money! I buy online most of the time from many websites and it was my first experience of loosing money for my the thing that wasn't my fault!!! Won't use Poshmark never ever....

I have purchased 14 items off poshmark. I received 8 of them. 1 was not as described (new with tags) it was damaged. I may add if they approve a return you have 48 hrs to get to post office or its void. (Funny cuz sellers get a week to ship it to you). 1 item im still waiting for any response from seller. 4 items the seller never shipped. Even when i would ask about the status, they replied it was shipped and i would receive in 2 to 3 days, and nothing. 2 weeks later, i cancelled the order. It helps if you message the seller and ask if they still have it. Or make an offer. I cant count how many times i make an offer on an item, and seller declines it, but removes listing. Most items on poshmark are also for sale on mercari. I believe sellers forget to remove listings on items sold on other sites. The entire time though the $ has been paid to them and they sit on it. When you cancel an order it takes 3 to 4 days to process your credit. I believe if they hold your money for a week and never ship it you should get something for all your time and trouble

If you are a seller looking to make quick $$$, do not sell on here. It takes a lot of your time and dedication. I sell and have bought. My buying expience was great. Selling is ok. There are a lot of great people on Posh! Then you come across people who send lowballing offers. Its like a game you have to to lean. Follow, share, etc. Very, time consuming! But. I give it 3 stars. You have to put in a lot of work to make sales happen! It’s def the best online selling tool out there. But if you don’t want to waste time, look for a local reseller!!

This company is riduculous. I did everything i was told and am now misding a vuitton bag and not paid. Dont sign up this plave has no customer sevuce

Awful customer service. I mean AWFUL. I've been conned out of $140.00 as the seller deleted my comments and blocked me straight after I paid. Have emailed 6 days in a row to ask for the order to be cancelled and have not had a reply outside of the automated response. Never buy from this site, too much of a risk and nobody to help you when it goes wrong. Try tradesy or depop instead.

Absolutely non-ethical company. Bought a dress, got dress, dress was labeled as a certain size but had clearly been shrunk. Zipper was warped, and wouldn't zip. Dress will never fit. Complained, and after a series of back and forth, they denied my return request because technically, the dress was the same size that was advertised. I explained that no, technically it wasn't. They would not even address the broken zipper, even after asking them point blank "why are you not addressing the broken zipper." In response, they actually told me in an email (so i have it in writing) that I can go ahead and try reselling the item. Enraged, I asked them if that is their typical policy, to knowingly encourage users to sell bad items so that they can continue to profit off of already high percentages of the sale. No response. I cannot even believe that a business can so transparently be this non-ethical. DO NOT USE Poshmark. There are far better clothes selling/trading sites.

I bought something of poshmark. The seller canceled my order because she "changed her mind" and relisted the item at TWICE the price! Better to shop on EBAY! Completely bogus site! Now I have to wait 3-5 days to get my money back to my card. If you do not want to sell the items then DONT!

The buyer claimed that I described the product wrong and not what she expected when she bought it. She even ask for 50 percent of the price. I really have no intention of misleading the buyer. She returned the item and used my bag plus damaged it. I reported to Poshmark but no reply. I dont think this website care and protect seller. Not worth my time to deal with this website. Please dont sell or try to buy anything from Poshmark.

It shouldn't surprise me that I'm writing a post about the continuation of racism in 2017. However, here I am. POSHMARK is the MOST RACIST site I have ever tried to buy and sell on.

Their lack of professionalism, inequality and disparity between what certain ethnicities are allowed to do on the site is insane.

Poshmark is NOT the site for you if you are a minority looking to make extra money. White individuals are allowed to harass you, run scams and sell whatever they like on the site (real or fake) despite rules stating that this is against the policy. I guess "white" is "right" huh?

Numerous white individuals have harassed me about products they are NOT going to purchase, I have been continuously reported for things I have NOT done wrong and a white individual was able to file a claim against an item I sent, and receive her money back. While, I am still without my item.

Living in a world where racism and white privilege is prevalent in everyday life. I would have thought there would be a slight relief from poshmark administration, WRONG..I refuse to be treated unfairly by poshmark.

I no longer will be using this site for any services, as they are not worthy of having my "Black Dollars"

They are the worst site. Beware beware. Seller shipped my package to the wrong place. He fault. Then ignored me. Lost $75. Then she wanted me to return a bra she accidentally shipped to me. Poshmark can't help that they have idiot sellers but they could communicate and return my $$$
They are no Amazon or eBay.
They don't care. They don't communicate. They ignore complaints. Do not shop this site.
Total scammers. They rip you off and poshmark does nothing about it. Save your hard earned $$$
