My recommendation is to buy and sell elsewhere. The multitude of negative comments exist for a reason and should not be ignored. In addition to the large percentage that is taken when you sell, they actually fail to support. Their system will indicate that packages have been delivered, even if you have not received them. I have tried to make Poshmark aware of this; you can't inspect a package if it hasn't been received! Buyers must accept a package three days after it's received but sellers have SEVEN days to ship. The concept business must be reworked. Many sellers are also selling fraudulent items and Poshmark will not ban them once this has been revealed. This means that they can continue to sell to others who are not made aware. When in fault, they offer minimal Poshmark credit.

I am a little torn with this site. In the beginning, I felt this was such a great idea and felt I was having success selling lightly used clothes/accessories that I no longer wanted. Now, I'm no full time seller. I have only made about $100 total and sold 8 or 9 items, but here is my experience so far. ******I have had one return on a pair of boots and I take full responsibility for the mistake I had made. Not sure how it happened, but I had given wrong sizing on the post and never noticed. The boots where sent back just as they where sent to them and all was good. Overall, not an unreasonable experience.******** #####-I have recently experienced an issue with a buyer that I find to be a bit frustrating. I sold a XL Hurley jacket to a women who only paid $13 (making my actual earnings $10 and her total payment around $20 with shipping) She received the item and gave a review of 1. She CLAIMS that there is no way the jacket is a size XL and that it must be sized in Juniors sizing. In the review, she mentions that it doesn't even zip (1-its a button up jacket) and there is no way it will close. Claimed she had plenty of Hurley jackets in a size medium, they all fit perfectly. At this point I have come to the conclusion that she is a bigger size woman. I wear a size small/medium in WOMENS and the jacket was drowning me before I sold it. I thought that if she felt strongly enough she could file a claim and Poshmark would be our buffer. It was not in junior sizing so there was no reason for me to apologize and reach out to her. She never filed a claim. It came to the point were payment had been processed and was deposited into my bank account. I'm assuming she noticed as well when that happened because she decided to copy and paste the review under the sold jackets posting the same day. ######## Here is my theory with this, I believe that she may not fit the jacket like she wanted too. It may not be the right color or the right material. She asked no questions before purchasing. The jacket was perfect and just as described. SHE HAD NO CASE. So if she were to file, I believe, that she felt she would not win and had to amount to other terms. By reaching out to me I think she expects a seller approved return because of her dissatisfaction. Now, if she does REALLY believe that this is sized in juniors, she still has no proof for her case so that may be why she hasn't filed either. I have not shopped junior sizing since I was 15. I do not have proof of that either since I purchased this jacket too big and that was over a year ago. So looks like we are both out of luck. ##### I really do not want to rip people off and I am more than willing to correct my mistakes, but if you purchase something at your own discretion from a USED clothing site, do your research. BUYERS: Need to be active in there purchases. Be aware of what you're risking buying USED items. Not everyone in this world is honest and thorough. Ask a lot of questions before purchasing. Confirm things in the comments and screen shot so that if something is not as it seems, you have a case. ASK ASK ASK. Im sorry, but its not just a sellers responsibility to make sure you are satisfied with what you're purchasing. Take some action and get all of the info. SELLERS: decide if its worth it. Poshmark takes effort and time to really get those sales. Accuracy and honesty is the most guarantee you can have on this site and even then its not always enough to satisfy a customer. I suggest taking pictures of the items BEFORE sending and using them for a case if the item is returned and damaged. (This has yet to happen to me, but found it to be common in the reviews) Make sure to time stamp it. Be as thorough in descriptions as possible and remember it is not your responsibility to clarify if the customer has not asked the questions. Site reference is always your BEST bet. If you can reference an item from the brand and site it came from, that is all the proof you need. Grow up people and take responsibility. Be honest as a seller and be skeptical as a buyer. I have made money on clothes that I would have otherwise thrown out after collecting dust in my closet. I appreciate that about Poshmark, but there are some flaws and Poshmark should be more active in there buyer/seller relationships when things go crazy. There needs to be proof of seller before sending items so that sellers can be protected from buyers who destroy things because of there remorse. Sellers should be able to ask as many questions as needed and expect honest answers. Higher priced items should NEED proof of purchase so that no one is a victim to price mark ups or fakes. So many things should be improved and the best they got is an "automatic price drop tap".

As a customer: I have yet to purchase something, but have had my own experiences with buyers and have a little advice. Really ask the questions. This is a majority USED clothing site and these things are not discounted because they are brand new. I have loved when buyers ask questions because that saves me from a return and them from disappointment. I as a buyer have had lacking descriptions on my items and questions work to clear that up. This is no different than buying from a community page through facebook or a yard sale site. Only thing that really benefits you here is your safety and guidelines given to you. There is rules and from what I understand they work to really keep the buyers happy. Now as a buyer, if you are loyal, thorough, and honest you will also find the same in the sellers you purchase from. If you lie, cheat, or disobey the system than I guarantee you will be reported, harassed, and possibly suspended from the site. I do not support harassment, but I have seen it happen to others. This is a community of sellers and some don't take fraud lightly. As a seller: I have yet to have any issues with scamming. I did have someone recently purchase and item on the higher $$$ side and I was worried because the user had previously signed up that morning and purchased my item an hour later with no offers or questions. I was skeptical but everything went perfectly. Just remember that your items are not only on Poshmark, but can be viewed through google. I have had a return and it was by my mistake of mislabeling the listing. No issues there and we where both left happy. I did have an experience with a customer who felt I had lied about the size of an item. She felt it was sized in juniors sizing and left a low 1 review despite the quality of the jacket and being as described. I knew that this was not junior sizing and although I was sympathetic, I did not owe her for her opinion. She later left a review on the direct post and I continued to ignore the comments. She was very harsh and was not constructive. She could have filed a return, but I think we both knew that the jacket was labeled as described and if she had done her research she would have found out that the jacket is not in junior sizing. I later found that she was trying to sell the same jacket for twice what she paid and had it labeled as XL. not junior xl. So I believe she came to the correct conclusion. This site is a risk. Its a also a game. You have to put in the work and be willing to work with others to get items sold. I do not do this as a business. Its just a way to make a few dollars off of lightly used items I no longer want. I have yet to experience a scam, but the second I do I will remove my closet from the site. I have seen enough reviews and horror stories to know that this site is not perfect. Beware. I wouldn't sell high priced items, I wouldn't sell outside of the site to a customer, and I also wouldn't purchase there boutique clothing. It is way overpriced for how not worth it majority of it is.

Absolutely horrible experience. Twice I was scammed. The first time I sold a black Lularoe shirt. The buyer disputed it and said it was not in described condition. The buyer then was to return the shirt to me after Poshmark sided with their complaint. When I received it back, the black Lularoe shirt I sold was NOT in the box. The buyer stole my shirt and returned it with a cheap black tshirt. The second time I got scammed I sold a Stella and Dot necklace worth $95.It was brand new in the original packaging and the buyer said it was not as described/broken. When the buyer disputed it I submitted the exact pictures I used to describe it but Poshmark again sided with the buyer. I will never do business on this site again and I highly discourage anyone else from using it.

I began shopping on Poshmark, and found 2 good sellers, I ordered their items and the items came on time and in the condition described. That was the only good part. Then there are the bad sellers, which the website seems to support; who, after you place an order and have waited a week, with the funds already withdrawn from your account, cancel the order because, get this, "they have changed their mind!" and better yet, they tell a lie that the "product is damaged". Who on God's green earth would ever do business with people like this? Who put an item up for sale, take your money, and then after making you wait a week, change their mind, and cancel the order? Then your money is gone for 3 weeks! The week you waited for your order, and the two weeks you have to wait until the funds are back in your account before you can purchase something else! This site sucks. Stay away from it they gossip and slander people and creepily "follow people" through their website, thus invading your privacy, and turning sellers away from prospective buyers through gossip or slander. They call this 'following' on thier webiste and actually allow this!!! On your account it is shown that ..."so and so is following you," as they describe it, and you don't know who is 'following you'!!! then, if they have an agenda or grudge against you, they can get the seller to "cancel your order, because the seller mysteriously 'changed their mind,' or the item was somehow 'mysteriously damaged' !!! The weirdest thing ever!!! Spooky and weird!!! This is not done on reputable sites such as ****** or **** or **********, or many others. Poshmark is simply not behaving reputably! I had to ask help from a bank representative about my funds being restored to my account after the seller had" mysteriously canceled" my order, and I told the Bank Representative what happened, and she said she also shops on Poshmark! and she said, quote "THAT IS NO WAY TO DO BUSINESS. I WOULD CANCEL MY ACCOUNT WITH THEM." then it is almost impossible to cancel your account, for they make you petition Poshmark to cancel your account and then they do not cancel it upon your request!!! So be forewarned, and save your money and time, save your poor self the huge disappointment, of Poshmark's mysterious "wild goose chase" after "spuriously sold" and "canceled items", and go elsewhere where the customers are respected and the sellers are honest.

I order a purse from Poshmark for $40. I was sent a message a couple of days later telling me the purse was sold out BUT they have the same purse in a different color for $60 dollars. I ordered the purse and received it. I was very happy with my purchase. The following day I received my original order. Now I have two purses. I contacted the company and they basically told me to take a hike so I contacted my credit card company and filed a complaint. I informed Poshmark I had filed a complaint and ***** told me they would make a one time acception and accept the retuned item for a full refund IF I stopped the complaint. I told ***** if I did not receive a full refund of $60 plus shipping $4.69, I would reopen my complaint. The did make a refund but they refunded $46.69. I returned the $60 purse. This company is a scam. They did a switch and bait and need to be called out. Stay away

After registering an account, placing the order, paying with Paypal, etc. the item never showed up. No response from seller or from the company. Frustrating!! Their recommendation is just to cancel the order. I wouldn't have ordered the item if I wanted to just cancel it.

I was completely scammed. I ordered a Free People dress, with pictures of the dress directly from Free People site. I received, and it was NOT Free People, but rather this person's knock off - which was made of very cheap fabric and extremely poor fit. I contacted them about it, and received an auto-response promising a response within 24 hours, but instead have been completely ignored.

I have sold numerous things on this site and people take advantage of niceness and accommodation. Buyers buy things and once they don't like it or change their mind file a case review and Poshmark will side with the buyer 100% of the time in less than a day!!! The website has no loyalty to the sellers even though without the sellers Poshmark wouldn't exist! Buyers will give low ball offers even though a lot of of the items are super low. EX. $ 5 for a Nasty Girl leather top already marked at $15 and NEVER WORN! I am the last one to write a review but I had glasses shipped out perfectly and the girl said they were damaged and lenses were popped out even though wrapped in tissue paper inside a bag, but because of "proof" with pictures it was accepted to return. This company in the bay area is a joke and not respected clearly by the bay nor users. Bottom line: if you are a seller-get ready to be at the mercy of the buyers and even though they know what they are buying they will get you in trouble and want a return which will be gladly accepted. Buyers will put anything down or do anything to your product for a refund and poshmark is just as disloyal and guilty. Some buyers are great and others are the scum of the earth. You learn a lot of how shady people and business work. If you sell, get ready for people to buy things and claim it's not at all what they thought and go to the extent of damaging your items and Poshmark giving you nothing in return except a bad taste.

This seems like a fun and nice way to buy and sell items but it is a total SCAM. As the sellers you are not protected. I recently sold a wallet to a woman, the wallet was in perfect condition, i even sent the box and dustbag and she opened a case against me claiming it was not as described. I emailed poshmark asking to see the pictures because I was so confused as to why a case would be opened up and once they SIDED with her and refunded her the pictures became available to me and low and be hold she RIPPED the wallet herself. An expensive 400 dollar versace wallet and she basically tore it up claimig I sent it to her that way. Now my wallet is being sent back to me destroyed and is basically unsellable or unusable and poshmark has not answered me. They are un responsive and do not know how to run a business. Basically if someone buys something of yours and decides they dont like it, they can destroy it and claim it came that way and basically you are out of your money and your item can return to u damaged. I was shocked that someone would even do that to something so expensive or to someone in general and poshmark just doesn't care. This whole website is awful and NEEDS to be shut down. DO NOT sell your stuff on this scam of a website because they will take your money and ruin your stuff. There are countless negative complaints about it im surprised this website is still running. I have never seen a business be run so awfully and so careless. DO NOT USE. safe yourself the trouble and sell elsewhere. I will be shutting my account down and selling somewhere else. Somewhere trustworthy.

ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE. I THOUGHT i was buying a gray "Love Your Melon" hat and what I got was a dark blue and a hat that seriously would fit a giants head. This hat was MASSIVE. My head would have to MASSIVE in order for the hat to fit me. I wrote to them multiple times and they said the same thing. "You should've asked the seller if the item was true to size and color." ARE YOU KIDDING ME? The seller should list the item appropriately. I'm LIVID. TERRIBLE TERRIBLE TERRIBLE.

BEWARE OF THIS COMPANY! I purchased a jacket that was incorrectly measured by seller. I could not return it and no refund. Customer service is only in Poshmark’s favor. Apparently Poshmark or seller have no responsibility for making this right . If transaction goes well, fine, if there is a problem, you are out of luck.

There are no returns, refunds, or exchanges, but they don't make that clear on the website. I purchased a coat for my daughter and since she couldn't try it on beforehand and it was too small we are stuck with it without recourse. Never will I use them again!

shoes that were shipped were badly used..the soles were dirty and the maker logo on the insole was worn out...the listing did not mention that the shoes were used....I wrote poshmark and they want me to send pictures of the shoes...I don't have acamera ...I am pissed off that they do not believe me that I am dissatisfied....cant understand how they are able to stay in business this long ..i am giving them a zero rating

I bought a sweatshirt from Poshmark for the first time and there were holes and stains everywhere! I went to file a complaint and they only allowed 72 hours to do so. The sweatshirt didn't even arrive until after a week! I'll NEVER order off this website again. Period.

To echo what many others have said on here, Poshmark has serious problems with its customer service on the seller end. They have ignored for over 2 weeks multiple attempts asking them to remove libelous comments from sales listings. In their email receipt acknowledgement, they promise a response within 24 hours during the work week but have completely disregarded me.

BUYER BEWARE! I just started shopping on Poshmark because I found a couple of items that were cheaper than ebay ... my mistake. Within the last 2 days, I've had 2 orders cancelled by 2 different sellers because they changed their minds (in case it helps other potential buyers, the specific sellers are ****** @ ********** ** **** ****** ***** ** and ***** * *********). Yes, I got refunds in both cases, but I actually WANTED both items - that's why I purchased them. Poshmark has no way of rating sellers if they flippantly cancel your orders, and the sellers can DELETE comments they don't like. In other words, you have ZERO protection as a buyer. Heaven forbid you spend money and never receive your item or receive it in poor condition. I see no way to file a complaint on the Poshmark site. **** may be overly protective of buyers, often to the detriment of sellers, but it's a much safer shopping experience.

Do not use ************. I purchased a pair of converse and never got any shipping info or status for more than 2 weeks. There's no way to check my order status. This site is a scam. Anyone giving this site more than 1 star is part of the scam.

I purchased A I phone from seller " ********* " No product and the Poshmark allows him to block my messages so he can scam other customers. Furthermore each time I see this scammer trying to sell the same product to others Poshmark protects the seller by not allowing me to warn them . Poshmark will not allow me to warn the public about Seller ********* I believe because they receive 20% of sales . Any questions ****************

Customer service was awful received a dress with broken zipper...i paid $150. I don't feel like I should of paid full price and they came back and Offered $20 is poshmark dollars. I said no- I want to be refunded with the original method of payment. Since then NO response and have wrote them back about 5x. Don't use site! Awful!

I bought and sold clothes on poshmark for a while with no issue, until someone purchased a pair of pants from me, claimed they were damaged, and received a refund. I know they had no hole when I shipped them and that the buyer tore the pants. I understand that Poshmark is bound to grant the refund because it's a she said/she said situation and I think by their estimation, it's best to avoid someone disputing a credit card charge. What bothers me is how difficult it was to get customer service support. Poshmark takes a healthy chunk out of every sale and for that I should be able to get someone to send me something other than a canned email response. I endured several rounds of me sending an email with a description of the issue, them responding by asking for more information, me sending it and then never hearing back. They need to set up phone support and better equip their existing customer service representatives. I shouldn't have to tweet at them to get a response.

Overall I have had a pleasant buying/selling experience on Poshmark. As with any buying/selling app, look out for misrepresented items, etc.--not everyone online operates with the same level of integrity. Check seller feedback scores for an idea of their trustworthiness. Posh support has generally been helpful in the relatively rare event of an issue arising, and the user always has recourse to Paypal protection--provided you pay with PP. Posh's cut is 20%, more than some other apps, so I'll dock a star for that. The standard shipping rate of $6.50 works in your favor for heavier items, and against you for cheap/lightweight ones, so I'll call that a wash. Boutique items can often be gotten cheaper elsewhere online... savvy shoppers will know this. But as for gently used items, a favorite place to shop and sell.

Just not a great way to buy stuff. I bought something that was misrepresented and my request to return it was denied. Won't be buying again.

I just made my first sale on poshmark and found out that they don't actually PAY me the money I made. It's all "credits" to buy more from their site. NO WHERE does their site say this when you explore selling with them. I have pored over their FAQs, selling pages, etc. NOTHING tells me I will not actually make the money from my sale. FRICKIN scam. I will not use my credits to buy with them because that too has been a disaster. I received something not as described and they declined my return. On every level this site is a scam.

Do not download this app to your smartphone. They are not like **** or ****** they are a bunch of unprofessional Crooks. Do not use this app read the reviews.

Absolutely non-ethical company. Bought a dress, got dress, dress was labeled as a certain size but had clearly been shrunk. Zipper was warped, and wouldn't zip. Dress will never fit. Complained, and after a series of back and forth, they denied my return request because technically, the dress was the same size that was advertised. I explained that no, technically it wasn't. They would not even address the broken zipper, even after asking them point blank "why are you not addressing the broken zipper." In response, they actually told me in an email (so i have it in writing) that I can go ahead and try reselling the item. Enraged, I asked them if that is their typical policy, to knowingly encourage users to sell bad items so that they can continue to profit off of already high percentages of the sale. No response. I cannot even believe that a business can so transparently be this non-ethical. DO NOT USE Poshmark. There are far better clothes selling/trading sites.

I have been selling on Poshmark since March of this year. and until recently, I had zero problems with any customers or Posh. It all started to come apart with the sale of 5 pieces of clip on hair extensions. this chick hinted at me for weeks that she really wanted the hair, but couldn't afford them. (they were 40 bucks). So I lowered them for this woman, she paid, I shipped. a week later I received an email from Posh stating that I had a "case" against me on this hair!...the woman stated she has super thin hair, and that (5 little pieces) wouldn't make her hair thicker...(umm 5 pieces). they said they were giving her back her money!...no one asked me if I wanted to defend myself and the product, just "we're giving her the money back"...WHAT?...I sent an email directly back stating I hadn't misrepresented this product ever, along with all photos....I got nothing from them. Then I wake up this morning to Posh saying another "case" has opened against me for selling fake Victoria's Secret body spray!!...I even included the original skew number on the bottle, and the original $16.00 price tag!...and I even sent her the $16 body lotion as a bundle all for only $10!... so I sent the following email to Posh today..... to Poshmark To Whom this may concern, I have been receiving emails from your company that accuse me of selling "fake" wares. You have sided with 2 buyers, without ever "asking" me to provide any proof so I can defend myself. As a result, I am emailing you to ask your company to review all information "I" have on the 22" clip on 5 pc hair set, the "Victoria's Secret" Love Spell body spray and lotion set, and any makeup palettes I have for sale. I want you to ask the perfume customer to send you a photo I purposely left on the bottom of the bottle that has both the VS skew number and the $16 price tag. yea, price tag. Also, at not time did I ever misinform ANYONE about the 22" hair!, I was asked a question from another posher about my 30" long hair...it weighed 80 to 90 grams. Not the 5 piece hair. Further, it's not my fault the the person who bought it is folically challenged, it's 5 pieces of clip on strands of hair, not a bundle of weave in hair. I am including pictures of these products I had for sale so you can see what I'm saying is the Gods honest truth. also, I do expect to get your photos, and everything you have on file that proves me wrong. seems fair to me. Now, as to the eye shadow palettes, lipsticks, etc. REAL!...ALL OF THEM. but I will help you out weeding out all your other poshers with fakes, oh, but then you must have already done that, right? I am considering this lack of evidence on your part regarding my "dishonesty" to be harassment. and without your evidence, I will consider any missing funds in my accounts nothing short of theft, and will proceed with my Attorney. Thank you. **** I am closing my store this weekend, and selling somewhere else. I also contacted an Attorney who tells me they cannot hold any money I have coming to me,($220) nor can they take funds from my accounts. NEVER SELL ON POSHMARK!...HORRID SELLER PROTECTION, NO COMMUNICATION, AND SLOW PAYMENTS! ****

Any government agencies, please take an action with this company. They are Criminals allowing criminals to sell Fake items and allowing criminals to sell items that took pictures of others. Despite of complaints, emails, evidences, messages of criminal intent, Poshmark never do anything to stop them, Poshmark do not care as long as they got their money. Please investigate and close this business, every messages from them are computerized. Bad business like this is not healthy to the community. Please stop them.

I sold a necklace 12 days ago , se buyer claimed it was not as described , this necklace was brand new and exactly as described , I submitted all the proofs and pictures of the item to poshmark support , never heard about them again and now i'm out of my item and my money , so basically it's a steal. I'm not talking about the scamming attempts you get every time you post a new item ....and the nasty comments....

I bought several things from Poshmark over the course of a few months however stopped once I found out that their "poshmark guarantee" saying they will stand behind a purchase is a lie - I contacted them immediately upon receiving an item I had purchased that was inconsistent with how it was described in the ad. The item was described as "like new" when it was in fact very worn, had strings coming out of it and was unwearable.Poshmark said there was nothing wrong with the description and would not offer a return or refund. Do not believe this company's lies about providing a guarantee for your purchases - when it comes time to take them up on this assurance you will find out that the guarantee was a lie and they will not honor it.

It shouldn't surprise me that I'm writing a post about the continuation of racism in 2017. However, here I am. POSHMARK is the MOST RACIST site I have ever tried to buy and sell on. Their lack of professionalism, inequality and disparity between what certain ethnicities are allowed to do on the site is insane. Poshmark is NOT the site for you if you are a minority looking to make extra money. White individuals are allowed to harass you, run scams and sell whatever they like on the site (real or fake) despite rules stating that this is against the policy. I guess "white" is "right" huh? Numerous white individuals have harassed me about products they are NOT going to purchase, I have been continuously reported for things I have NOT done wrong and a white individual was able to file a claim against an item I sent, and receive her money back. While, I am still without my item. Living in a world where racism and white privilege is prevalent in everyday life. I would have thought there would be a slight relief from poshmark administration, WRONG..I refuse to be treated unfairly by poshmark. I no longer will be using this site for any services, as they are not worthy of having my "Black Dollars"

I've used Poshmark for many years and really enjoyed my experience at first because sometimes you really do get great deals on items that are old season and not sold in stores anymore and are new things to add to your closet. However my issues started when I became a seller instead of a buyer. That's when problems and issues started occurring. The first incident involved when I was selling a pair of boots. I did mention it had been previously worn, but was still wearable for future uses and had photographic evidence before it was shipped out of it and evidence of several people who did help me ship out the boots that they don't recall something ever being wrong with it. However the customer ended up returning on grounds that "it was not as described" and sent in evidence that there were stains and the heel was broken. I sent in photograph proof that there was no way the heel was broken before and I had two people who remembered seeing it in fine shape. There was another incident where I was selling a backpack and described it as having been worn many times which pictures included. Someone bought it but ended up arguing on claims of stains which they zoomed in on this tiny barely noticeable stain that only would be seen if you were really really looking for something. However in both instances Poshmark sided with the customers. So be wary that sometimes customers can purposely damage your goods to hopefully get their money back and file it under as "damaged item" or purposely try to find any small reason to get their money back. It's just so irritating for sellers because it takes time out of our schedules to ship things out and prepare the packages just to have it sent back. It was a really aggravating experience to say the least because the only way to contact customer service is through email and it took absolutely forever to ever get a response back. I had to email about three times before someone finally replied and she barely answered my questions and concerns. I find that happening frequently when you email them for any customer support. Maybe they should work on a better system on that? I don't know. Next incidents involve sometimes having buyers really talk down on you rudely. There was an incident where I had a buyer purchase a mystery box of random things for only ten dollars that would include variety of things that I was looking to size down my wardrobe and belongings including items from top brands. I included a note in there that was handwritten with a list of all the things she would be getting. I handpicked all of these items that I spent in total well over 10 dollars. 6 items that probably costed more than 50 dollars original price. I wrapped it very nicely and yet she claimed she never received one of the items and was quite rude about it.Then following incidents involved when I was on vacation (out of the country) and several people ended up purchasing items. I barely had wifi connection and yet I still told them I was out of town but will ship immediately when I got back. They all said it alright and yet in the end a good portion of them ended up being impatient and canceling the order resulting in strikes against my account. It's absolutely aggravating and my account was suspended due to "unshipped items" It seems even when you're in contact with buyers, you really do get duped as shippers. Furthermore poshmark really does a HUGE percentage off of your earnings that it's really not even worth it sometimes. And for buyers the disadvantage is the ridiculous cost of shipping. I remembered when it was around 4 dollars maybe and it seems like they slowly keep increasing the shipping costs. Overall, I really do think you're better off being a buyer on this app (if you can handle the outrageous shipping). Anyone who wants to be a seller on this app should be wary of the buyers, poshmark being very biased towards buyers instead of sellers, poor customer service, and the large percentage they take off of your earnings. There really are better buy/sell apps out there....

Poshmark lets total scammers be sellers. Poshmark does not communicate. They don't care if you get ripped off

Company would not provide refund when seller posted the wrong size in the size field. Sellers should never be allowed to advertise wrong sizes--even if--especially if they think the sho runs big or small.

This is misleading to customers. Their decision not to hold sellers accountable, but rather to pass this issue off on to the customer demonstrates a poor business model. I contacted company to request a refund, and they refused to refund my money, claiming that the seller explained why they changed the size in the size field.
This was not the first time.I had bought several others shoes that were advertised incorrectly.

Stick with EBay ! Customer service stinks I ordered jeans from Their site. The jeans described were a 32 inseam were really a 33 inseam and wouldnt let me return them . Would never recommend this site!!!

Stick with Ebay, Poshmark has screwed me multiple times in that I have purchased several things and only ever received about half. Most sellers give very little info on their listings, and wont answer questions when you ask.

Purchased 3 items within a few months. First item seller cancelled it, second item never sent, and 3 item sent an empty box! What the heck!! I found some cute things not available on ebay but hesitant to make another purchase.

I made a Poshmark account and I always thought it was a little TOO easy and kinda sketch but I finally decided to buy a Vera Bradley wallet bc it was in great condition... sure enough, less than an hour after putting in my credit card info, my info was stolen and purchases were being made in California (where the seller lives). Guys, it's really not a safe app to be putting your credit card info and based on lots of other reviews here scams are pretty frequent. DO NOT USE.

I purchased new shoes from a seller on Poshmark. When arrived, they ran VERY small for 8.5. Requested a return, Poshmark denied request, said the ad specified sizing may vary. Total rip off.

I've had a great experience using this app! It's fun, interesting, educational and provides a great opportunity to shop and sell. PM continues to make updates for its users. I've made WAY more on here with excellent feedback than I could make reselling at a thrift store! It's beneficial that u, a buyer and seller, have complete control regarding pricing. It's seldom I've had to return items due to misrepresentation. But if that's the fact, PM sees that I r reimbursed. I've found this app 2 be a complete joy. But, as always.. buyer beware of items that r replicas! PM can't screen EVERYTHING. They do a superb job running this business while providing one with privacy as well.

I've been using poshmark for a while as a seller (never have bought anything), and after realizing how easy it is for a customer to scam a seller, I'm done with them. I've given them a lot of business through selling multiple items and they refuse to help me. I sold a tee shirt that I got at a Beyonce concert that isn't for sale anymore for a generous $10 even though I've only worn it twice. I sent it out the very next day and they received it 2 days later. Then they reported there was a problem, so the funds were put on hold. I asked the buyer what the issue was and they said they weren't able to receive the package because I used the wrong packaging. Okay, that was my bad. But the solution told to them by poshmark AND the post office was to refuse the package. It would be sent back to me and then me and the buyer agreed I would repackage it and resend it to them. But they never sent it back. And the buyer will no longer respond to me on the matter, totally ignoring me. So obviously, they scammed me. They've kept their money and they probably have the shirt. I've messaged Poshmark multiple times over the course of 2 weeks about the issue and I've received NOTHING. Complete silence. They won't respond at all. So if it's this easy for a buyer to scam a seller out of the money and the item, I'd warn everyone to stay away from selling, and probably buying too. Go to a consignment shop to sell your stuff, this app isn't worth it. That shirt was purchased by me for $45. $#*!ing ridiculous.

I order a turtleneck sweater and the seller drop the ball on this one it's been more than seven days and no product. I should have read the reviews first. They won't get my business EVER AGAIN.

I saw a news feature about Poshmark on the CBS Sunday Morning show and decided to list some of my clothes and some unused anti-aging products. I have had my items listed for one week now. I am a very discriminating buyer so I have a Christian Dior fur coat, a Moncler down jacket, cashmere sweaters, a Renato Angi bag, Lanvin Shower Gel and Erno Laszlo products listed for sale: nice things which I have taken good care of. Two days after listing it I sold a Scaglione Italian cashmere sweater. I checked it over a second time before shipping it and found only a beautiful sweater. Today the sweater was delivered and I now have a case against me for a return which was granted due to " undisclosed white pill balls on the sweater". There were no white pill balls on the sweater. In my mind I saw lots of red flags popping up all over after reading the email from Poshmark so I did a search for "reviews on Poshmark" and found this site. After spending 5 minutes reading some of these reviews I have decided to delete all of my listings in my Poshmark " closet" and close my account. I will never come to this site to sell or purchase anything again. I feel compelled to add something else after reading many of the reviews here. If you have issues with Poshmark, do not just " let it go". Every state has an Attorney Generals office in their state capital and they are there to help protect you against the things that I've read about here. File a complaint with your Attorney Generals office and they will investigate it for you and usually they have a website that you can file the complaint on so it doesn't take long. Also, for those of you who feel that Poshmark is guilty of deceptive business practices file a complaint with the Federal Trade Commission in Washington, DC as well. Their address is : Federal Trade Commission, Consumer Response Center, 600 Pennsylvania Avenue, Washington, D.C., 20380. Telephone # 877-382-4357. eBay was recently investigated by the FTC ( this information came from my Attorney Generals office) and if Poshmark is allowing fraud to take place on their site they can be named an accessory to fraud by allowing it to happen and doing nothing about it when it is reported to them.

I placed an order for a floral jumpsuit for my niece with a woman named fshminded, she promised that it was in perfect shape, like brand new, I was told. Well I received the package, so I hit that I received the package. Not realizing that once I said received they took it as i meant I opened it, was satisfied and everything was good. Well my niece was away and not able to try on the outfit until several days later. The zipper was stuck and there was a tare on the side and the outfit smelled horrible. I tried to get a refund but told i accepted the package and gave a five star rating, I NEVER gave a rating. Anyway push forward, I tried to get a refund and was told over and over on a boiler plate response, that I accepted the package and after three days no refunds are allowed. The jumpsuit will be thrown in the garbage, what a sin. I would not recommend Poshmark to my enemy, they are a complete and total scam.

I ordered a Prairie Underground Hoodie in a purple color. The result of a Google search. They send a black one. Also it said "neer been worn" but obviously the item had been worn. I tried to return it as it was not a described. They wouldn't take it back. This is not a reliable retail outlet. It's dicey. Plan to keep what you get even if it's not right, the wrong size, etc.

I placed an order on Nov 29 and the seller simply just ignored my order without any response and it has been the 8th day.

I will not recommend this company to anyone because they are not reliable or professional and they wanted me to contact the seller directly.

i am mainly a seller on posh and i have to say poshmark has negative sides but the positives overrule, its such a great community of people, i've made so many friends nationally and locally, i respond as promptly as possible to all my potential buyers some tips on how to use the app ...only follow sellers who are active(some people post a few listings in they're profile and then never check back) also try to ask as many questions before purchasing some sellers buy wholesale from china vendors YOU DONT WANT THAT! you want sellers that purchase from U.S.A. vendors these sizes are american sizes and will fit as opposed to china sizes which run 1 or even 2 sizes too small, my closet name is matadora1978 i hope this helps the new poshers and please visit my closet is full of great items !! happy poshing! :)

I have made two purchases which have been a waste of money and time, so I dont think Ill give Poshmark a third chance. I wear a size 4P, and every pair of jeans I have is this size. I ordered a size 4 jean that was so small, it must actually be a 2 or a zero! The second pair I ordered, a 4P, the seller shipped a 10P, and it took a lot of time and hassle dealing with the Poshmark return and refund process. The seller was apologetic, but overall the experience was quite annoying. After these my two bad experiences, and reading these reviews, I believe I will also stick with EBay. Ive been shopping on EBay for years, and I have been really happy with purchases and customer support.

I'm new to poshmark..... I've made at least 4-5 offers on items and nobody responds! Is this the norm? I think I'll stick with ebay. Never had any problems there.

I had a buyer buy an expensive Ralph Lauren dress and claim it was discolored. It was in pristine condition. she filed a claim and sent me back a cheap cotton tank top. I contacted poshmark at present 6 times. sent them photos several times, with no response.

2nd item. a Michael Kors pair of shoes worn twice. Person tore the strap off and sent them back. I had photos of the shoes fully in tact. But, that doesn't matter to Poshmark they will side with the buyer. now I have damaged shoes and I am out money.

I sent out an Item the customer gives me a one star rating I always get a 5 Star rating when I go to see why...... it says ....DID NOT RECEIVE well I look at tracking and it says Delivered yes delivered ..so I contact Poshmark and I say you sent the label I did my part I shipped the Item It says delivered so either the customer the Post office lost it why am I getting the one star you lost it you should get the one star not me ..They say they can't change the rating..... but its not my rating its your rating !!!! RIGHT >>who runs these companies ?????? Rich
I sold a bundle of makeup products and packaged them carefully. The buyer stated the item did not arrived as described. Poshmark sent me an email saying selling used makeup wasn't allowed and the buyer would be sending me back the products. When I received them back they were broken. I contacted them via email and said that they couldn't verify when the item was specifically broken and I should just package my items more careful next time. So not only did I not make a sell, but I also ended up having my stuff broken. They could care less.

GO SELL ON MERCARI INSTEAD.

They sent a wrong item, refused to refund until I sent several pics of wrong item. Then made it very difficult to deal with them. I finally had to file a complaint with Paypal who finally got it resolved. Money was tied way too long though! Will not use Poshmark again!

I used to love selling and buying on Poshmark. It was my go to place to find sold out or rare pieces from clothing brands I love AND I always found some killer deals. It was a great alternative to other social media shopping apps because they had amazing customer service and offered great buyer and seller protection. I could always expect a reply from an actual person within 48 hours (between 2014-2015). Unfortunately, their customer service is essentially non-existent at this point. As a seller, there is no protection. If a buyer damages an item after they receive it or it was damaged in transit, it is your problem. Poshmark will side with the buyer without much question if they submit a report within the 72 hour window. Just this week, one customer purchased a $200 skirt that was brand new with tags. On the 3rd day after arrival she filed a report that it was damaged. Having learned the hard way, I very carefully checked the skirt before shipping (sometimes I even go as far as photographing items a second time as evidence). Poshmark ruled in favor of the buyer without asking for any evidence from my side, even though I alerted them that I had pictures of the skirt prior to shipment. In the claim, it cited a marking (that most definite was not present when it was shipped) AND that the color was not depicted accurately. We used the stock photo from the Reformation website for the exact colorway of the skirt as our photo. I would honestly love to see Poshmark return to its commitment to customer service so users can have faith selling again. Unfortunately, it seems like more and more users are ditching Poshmark for other social media commerce apps. I wish they would invest more into the customers that make the app possible and less into expansion.

The absolute WORST app of all time. Not only do they take 20% of your entire purchase and leave you with very little revenue, they have the WORST customer service. terrible. terrible. terrible. would not recommend wasting your time with this app. They are not looking to help you at all and all they want is your money.

It's like ebay used to be before they got Crazy. As a buyer you don't have to wade through tons of cheap non US seller junk or see the same listings spamming the site from a few sellers under different names. And when you go to check out you never get a message that something went wrong try again later. It makes buying fun again!
From a seller's standpoint it's less threatening than ebay has become. It's very easy for sellers to pick out the few scammers. Listing WORKS!! There are so few glitches on here and they don't change your listings like that other place does.It's like a breath of fresh air or like the good old days at that other place.I recommend trying it with a few small items at first to get your feet wet. you will love it!

You may get lucky and deal with honest sellers, but if you don't, there is no protection for you. I purchased four items. Two were as advertised and with no issue. Of the other two, however, one was a complete scam. It was a homemade cheap knockoff, not what was advertised/shown in photos. The other item was a dry clean only sweater which had obviously been inappropriately cleaned and shrunk at least two sizes. (I have the exact sweater, same size, in another color, so I know.) I contacted customer support, received an auto-response, then nothing else. If things go well, it can be fine, but if there are any issues, there is no protection for you. As someone who has purchased on eBay for years and always had any issue promptly resolved, my experience here was shocking. Where eBay puts processes in place to discourage dishonest sellers, this site seems to only encourage them.

You get no info as to how to contact the seller. Your money is taken and your items are not sent to you. When you inquire about where is your item, they offer to "cancel" so you do NOT get your item and your MONEY is GONE !
NEVER AGAIN POSHMARK ! Beware! Beware! Beware!

Someone bought a bundle from me and took out a case against me that was approved. They sent back two out of the three items and got a refund for the whole thing Happened 3 times

said protect buyers. i didn't accept two shipments as shrunken crap. told buyer protection. paid sellers anyway. have to file claim with my card company. a pain in the ass! stay clear. as a seller made no sales but got interest from cheapos who had no intention of ever paying for anything near it's worth as clearly swine before pearls.

A buyer bought a bundle of items from me. The buyer decided to return them for no good reason. When the items returned, two of the most expensive items were broken. I filed a claim and all Poshmark would do was give me a five dollar credit for $50 in damaged items.

I have sold numerous things on this site and people take advantage of niceness and accommodation. Buyers buy things and once they don't like it or change their mind file a case review and Poshmark will side with the buyer 100% of the time in less than a day!!! The website has no loyalty to the sellers even though without the sellers Poshmark wouldn't exist! Buyers will give low ball offers even though a lot of of the items are super low. EX. $ 5 for a Nasty Girl leather top already marked at $15 and NEVER WORN! I am the last one to write a review but I had glasses shipped out perfectly and the girl said they were damaged and lenses were popped out even though wrapped in tissue paper inside a bag, but because of "proof" with pictures it was accepted to return. This company in the bay area is a joke and not respected clearly by the bay nor users. Bottom line: if you are a seller-get ready to be at the mercy of the buyers and even though they know what they are buying they will get you in trouble and want a return which will be gladly accepted

Love Poshmark! Began selling a little over a month ago and have made a decent amount of money... much more than I would have made selling to Buffalo Exchange. They take a standard $2.95 on sales of less than $15 and then 20% on sales over $15- which kind of sucks but also is reasonable. You must be on your game, make sure to share your listings often and reduce prices if stuff isn't selling. I tried Depop and have had zero success. So far my favorite place to sell my lightly used/nice clothes. Just be prepared to price your stuff at a reasonable price, Poshmark buyers are real bargain hunters. I have found that shoes, high-end jeans, and vintage items sell the best.

I bought a $2000.00 wedding dress from Poshmark. It's been a week and I haven't received it. When I contacted them they told me to contact the SELLER. I had received an e-mail from POSHMARK that I qualified for the special concierge service and Poshmark had instructed the seller to send the dress to THEM and they would forward it to me. WHERE IS THE DRESS??????

Bought a NorthCrest wool sweater that I had an identical one already in a different color. When the posh sweater came it was obviously inappropriately washed, several inches smaller, too tight in the sleeves to wear, and stunk like an old smoked-in hotel room. Took pictures of the sweater laying on top of mine with identical labels showing and obviously much smaller. Posh said the sweater was not misrepresented and that I should have asked for measurements. Ri-i-i-ight. I guess you need to ask if the garments reeks too. Wouldn't even feel good about giving it to Goodwill. Lesson learned. First and last time I'll use Poshmark.

I had purchased form this site in the past, and the experiences were varied at best.
Recently I paid for an item from a seller. The seller accepted my payment, marked the item shipped, and then informed me 2 days after the purchase that the item had already been sold on another site! I did not receive a refund, and in fact was being sent multiple emails from Poshmark to accept the shipment.
It took over seven days to recoup my money through PayPal.
Poshmark did NOT rectify this problem, and the seller was of no assistance either.
I will not purchase from this site again due to the lack of protection they offer.

Poshmark charged my account for an item that I did not purchase. The item was supposedly purchased late at night, and since there is only a three 3 hour window to cancel a purchase... if you are asleep...there is no way to get out of the sale. Word of warning, do not leave your account information for Poshmark to automatically debit... they will do it... and they will do it without consent. They will not refund money... they will allow the bank to cover disputed charges. It is fraudulent related business behavior..

There is NO protection for the sellers. You send your item and you may or may not get paid for your item. If the buyer changes their mind or wants to scam you it's literally allowed by Poshmark!
Don't use this site!!

Sold a necklace, the buyer decided they didn't like it and Poshmark allowed the return. I was OK with that, but when I received the returned necklace the buyer had broken the necklace and stole the cloth bag sold in, Poshmark just said Oh well! I immediately froze my account and will sell elsewhere, or give the items to charity. It is too easy to be ripped off on this site as a seller. They also post fake followers to accounts. They have me following over 100 people or accounts, I wasn't following anyone. Very fake and strange.

Poshmark is a joke. They take so much money from both the sellers and buyers for their own profit and charge both parties for shipping. They have never once helped me when I have had issues with being sold inaccurate items and they allow for a lot of scamming on their site. I have had nothing but horrible service from them. I 100% do not recommend this site. I have had much better experiences through eBay, Depop, and Mercari. Poshmark needs to be closed down. They're the greediest and dumbest people to run an online site.
I witnessed a lot on poshmark. Poshmark has many good features that protect their sellers and buyers. The only problem I have is the amount of scammers on here. I sold a few things in which got cancelled a day or 2 later because of an "unverified payment" and posh actually gave me the money and the scammer got my sweater for free. It felt like complete bullsh1t, but at least I got my money. As a buyer that's bought a ton of stuff, I've had a good experience so far. Also, for those who see a brand new designer item going for SUPER CHEAP, don't expect it to be real. Like yeezys going for $100 lol. Come on, It's common sense. Overall, poshmark is not as bad as these other reviews say. It's trustworthy and you have buyer & seller protection. As any other app, just becareful of scammers and have fun poshing. Also, check my profile out, @abeabdull.

Bought a golf sweater pullover that had only been worn a few times. Washed it and it came out with holes in it. Clearly had been abused before it was sold to me. Shouldve been a clear-cut return but Poshmark decided in their infinite wisdom to decline my request. Buy from Poshmark at your peril. I will never again.

I sold a Gucci hat to a woman who then harassed me on the Poshmark site that it was the wrong size and said horrible things. I retaliated and then she proceeded to write something on all my listings. Poshmark accepted her return to me and she returned a completely different piece of junk hat. Poshmark will not answer my emails nor phone calls.. I have filed a report with the Better Business Bureau and I'm going to take further action. Do not use this site.

Woman with the above username bought my item, and filed a misrepresentation case. I am currently awaiting to settle a dispute. I had taken excessive pictures of the item on my phone. I did not even know that you could deny a return. Poshmark accepted her case. When she returned the dress which was completely new, I found that asgutierrez10 had made rips in the dress, which I suspect is how she got the item returned. I am awaiting to hear the case currently, but seller beware.

Sellers on Poshmark are not vetted. No seller reviews either to inform potential buys. Twice I've tried to buy something- the seller even responded to my questions- and then after I made my payment, the item was never shipped, both times. Poshmark refunded me but their sellers are scam artists and I will never use Poshmark again. The deadbeat sellers are probably loser women who are eBay rejects.

I decided to try Poshmark out to sell some items and see how it compares with EBay. Well, there is no comparison. Poshmark is a bunch of women selling crap clothes and shoes that they either dumpster dived through Good Will for or outgrew themselves. I had many high end items (bags, shoes, etc that I listed) and these vulchers would lowball you and harass you at every turn for basicAlly not giving your items away. Poshmark also has a fixed shipping price which stinks. Also if you sell over the $6.95 fixed shipping price, YOU not the buyer, pay the extra shipping! Lol ok. Thats a good business model.

The moderators on the site bully people around products and also comments made during transactions. Its unreal. I had happy buyers but wont again stray from eBAy and the quality items and polite, positive buyers and sellers there.

Beware of Poshmark. Dont waste your money. Its a scam!

Gotten a Michael Kohrs purse for $45, lots of VS bralettes cheap, and a vera Bradley lunch box! I have also made over $100 selling some of my old clothes! Join me on Poshmark, the #1 app to buy & sell fashion. Shop 5,000+ brands at up to 70% off! Sign up with code COURTNEY_BAKERR to save $5: https://bnc.lt/focc/gS1VpCoObH

Ive had many great experiences on here. Ive sold a number of items and bought a few items as well. I think you just need to research who youre dealing with via their about me section. Love all the amazing sellers on the app @ipsey

I was a new seller on Poshmark, I heard a lot of great reviews and was strapped for cash so I decided to trust their website. I decided to sell a genuine Louis Vuitton bag to a seller, I know it's genuine because I didn't buy it from an outside source, I bought it off of the Louis Vuitton Website.

I posted the item for $650 and it sold three days later for $550. I read the full policies for sellers and it said that it would go through Poshmark Headquarters first, prior to reaching the buyer. This didn't worry me as I know it is a genuine luxury item. I sent it to the "Poshmark Headquarters" as labeled with my return address, and waited patiently for my funds to come into my account.

Five days later they sent me an e-mail, lying and saying after a deep review with "luxury experts" they found my genuine bag as counterfeit and that it will be confiscated and destroyed if I don't send $20 via PayPal. I know my bag is real because it matches all the verification checks and I bought it from Louis Vuitton...

I sent following correspondence declaring that I was going to press charges for theft, and expected that I was going to pay money for an item that was originally mine to begin with. I feel sorry that I was naive enough to trust their service. LUXURY SELLERS BEWARE, the "experts" will say your item is fake and keep it to sell it straight from Poshmark Headquarters. Also, natural right that they claim that they have is not listed in their policies.

They are a scam! I lost a genuine Louis Vuitton purse that I didn't want to sell in the first place, but did because I knew it was authentic and needed the money. I feel naive to have lost such an expensive item for no reason and i feel offended that they tried to charge me for return of my item, when it is listed that it would automatically be returned free of charge if the buyer doesn't accept.

They are full of crap, they steal your luxury goods for their profit, and are con artists for trying to keep goods in the first place. Do not trust them with selling your products! Learn from my mistakes!!!!

Not a very good site to sell stuff buyer always right dont even waste your time. Im not very happy with the support they just took the buyers word eventhough the item as described.Dont sell you stuff in this site go somewhere else other than they charged too much for the seller also luck of support from the site.

I've contacted them a few times to change my information to ensure my customer get their order and no response... My first sell, if they take any money from me, they will be SHUT DOWN!!! I'm a Compliance Officer and know exactly what to do when I'm being ripped off ... Please contact Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, and believe me they are like the FBI, maybe even worse they are the ones who sued Wells Fargo , and they go after WEB SITE SUCH POSHMARK its not right for you to sell your items and you are not protected and your funds are not paid to you Poshmark has not right to keep your funds. Take a dime from me I will personally contact the CFPB...

I sold some high end designer items on posh and I had almost $2000 still in my account and they stole all of it. Every single penny. I contacted them and they played the whole "I don't see anything on our end" yet I sent pictures and all the proof in the world. Horrible site. Never went back and encourage everyone to stay away from it unless you want to lose your items and your money. Along with several fakes sold on that site and other scammers. Not a place I will ever buy or sell from again!

Sellers are charged at least 20% per each listing ,more if the item is under $15 (for example item is $5 Poshmark takes $2.95). Horrible customer service. A buyer scammed me. I sold a used dress and new without tags hat. Buyer returned item because of (random hairs on dress) the pictures she submitted showed little to no proof) Items were not damaged in any way. Poshmark immediately sided with buyer within 3 hours of delivery (I had no input could not defend myself) Upon return I received. Beaten up box with holes, and it had been crushed (you can tell it's an old used box). My dress was stretched out at the waist ( buyer probably tried it on and didn't want it) , my hat was completely crushed and out of shape. I told poshmark as soon as I got my items, no reply for days. I sent another email, still waiting on a reply.

I'm a seller and been selling on Poshmark for over two years now and I'm making pretty decent extra income which is very nice, but aside from that I get fed up so easily with certain buyers. I'm a top rated and reputable seller (4.9 rating) with unsatisfied customers occasionally and sometimes they just drive me completely nuts. Usually these buyers fail to ask questions or read my clear and concise descriptions prior to purchasing from my closet. I accurately describe my listings as best as possible with measurements, fabric content, flaws, and accurate colors to provide a fantastic shopping experience for them and to avoid them damaging my overall average rating.. but in the end I will always waste my time, energy, and expenses on some of the most ignorant customers who can't seem to figure out how Poshmark works and fail to realize that returns ARE POSSIBLE. Kindly open a case for a return and we will accept it IF your reason is valid or if we made an honest mistake. DON'T try to return something just cause it wasn't what you expected or it didn't fit. It's not the seller's fault so of course Poshmark is going to side with us. I've only ever dealt with one return and it was actually a couple months back. It was smooth and handled very well because I made an honest mistake and the buyer was nice about it so I went ahead and gladly accepted the return! If you're new to buying on Poshmark, I don't blame you.. but please learn the ropes before making your first purchase and know that there is a rating system that will either make or break the seller and that we sellers DO NOT control clothing sizes and it is YOUR responsibility to know your measurements and size you typically wear in your favorite brands. A vast majority of listings on Poshmark are secondhand and lots of clothing brands run differently hence why sellers provide approximate measurements in descriptions. Interact with sellers through the comments as much as possible because we're practically the only ones providing you customer service since Poshmark won't do much on both ends! And please, just PLEASE be considerate when making offers. It's disrespectful and rude that some of you actually have the nerve to lowball the **** out of us. Many sellers, like myself, rely on this platform and treat it as a business to earn extra income and offers asking 50% off or more will almost always be ignored, countered, or declined. This is NOT eBay, Poshmark is a more upscale/trendy site which takes a 20% commission from sellers because that is how they make their money as well as THEM charging you shipping.. not the seller. Don't like the shipping rate? Well sellers shop too and we certainly don't like it either. We're all paying to get our mail within 1-3 days, it's outrageously high but it is what it is. This was very unprofessional of me to write but the way that some buyers blame the sellers for their unhappy purchases is just beyond absurd and I wish Poshmark could add new features to prevent silly buyers from crushing an honest, hardworking seller's reputation. Sellers have feelings too and will get butt hurt and angry if we're given a terrible rating that most of the time we don't deserve (especially with no explanation), we're all going to assume it's buyers remorse. If you're going to buy on Poshmark, steer away from inactive/dishonest sellers to avoid feeling scammed or taken advantage of and gravitate to well-established sellers with an outstanding selling history. They'll be glad to do business with you, ship your order fast.. and maybe, just maybe, you'll be satisfied with your experience. Remember, it's your responsibility to know what to expect. I hope this review was helpful in some kind of way to buyers having issues on Poshmark but no matter how hard sellers back themselves up, we still can't seem to please everyone.

I bought a pair of shoes that was listed as "split suede" and when they came, they were felt fabric. Sent a dispute, with photos of the inside label that clearly said "Fabric Upper," but with an offer to negotiate price (felt is not as expensive as leather). Poshmark came back disallowing my request, with a curt "product was not misrepresented" response. Never again.

I don't normally write reviews but this site has the worst service. Allows sellers to list items that are NOT as described and will NOT allow any returns in a simple process. There isn't any helpdesk support to assist with issues and questions-- there is only an email to send messages to that take 24 hrs to get a reply. DON'T use this site.

Placed order Sept 23, now Oct 4, item still has not shipped. No response from inquiries to seller. Postmark received no reply from seller. Thought I'd try the site. Will not use again.

Poshmark does nothing to protect sellers. Once merchandise has been sent, it is the sellers' (dishonest) words agains the buyers who've now lost their merchandise too.

I have encountered two such sellers. They either had a case of buyer's remorse or were running a scam. Each time a case was opened, once claiming item was damaged (brand new with tag), once claiming fake (sent with certificate from store of purchase). How can poshmark judge the verity of these accusations? What is worse poshmark hides behind the screen with no live customer service staff to address tricky situations such as these. I was encouraged to offer my side of the story. An automatic response thanking me for my concern was all I got. It is irresponsible business conduct and encourages bad behavior online.

I would NOT recommend buying anything on this site, unless you are 100% certain it will fit, look good and that you love it. They have a NO return policy -- even if an item doesn't fit.

I'll start by saying I'm not normally someone who likes to buy online. I prefer purchasing items in the store because I can feel and see them and try them on.

However, I had a specific pair of shoes that I LOVE that I've worn so long the soles are falling off. This style is 1-2 years old, so I haven't been able to find any new online or in stores. I figured buying the same exact pair that I have, in the same size, wouldn't be a problem with an online purchase. I was a brand new customer to Poshmark and made my 1st purchase last week. The ordering and delivery process was great and I had no issues until the order arrived at my home. I ordered these shoes in the exact same brand, style and size of the shoes I already own (not from Poshmark). The shoes were a different color, but otherwise the same in every aspect to the shoes I already own (which fit me perfectly). I knew that Poshmark had a "no return" policy, but I guess I assumed if the item didn't fit so much so that it was falling off my foot, that I would be able to return it. The length of the shoe was fine, however the shoes are incredibly stretched out from the seller having an oversized/thicker foot than me. The stretchy material is stretched out and they did not fit my feet. They fell off when I walked. Poshmark allows you to submit a case for a return, which I did.

I took pictures of both these shoes that I purchased and the current pair that I own to show the difference in the way these two items fit. Poshmark came back and denied my return because the shoes are size 8.5 as the seller advertised. While the seller did not purposely mis-represent the shoesed), they do not fit at ALL like the previous pairs I've had in the same exact size. I feel like this site is trying to swindle money away and prevent buyers from returning items that do not work for them. I was completely dissatisfied with the outcome, return process, and the item I received. I'm going to donate it to a Goodwill store and hopefully someone else with a different sized foot can wear it. As far as I'm concerned it was a complete waste of $20. I am now planning to permanently close my account. They do not have any customer service you can call and talk to or anyone to email, except a general "support" email.

I get the fact that a resale online site probably can't handle returns with everyone and especially if a buyer decides they just don't like the item or color. However, I believe there should be a return available for items that radically do not fit/cannot even be used by the buyer because of how they fit. I also realize every online store and business has site policies, terms and conditions, which we are, OF COURSE, supposed to read... even though no one does. I even wrote them a final email suggesting they be more up front and transparent when someone clicks on "purchase" that there is a NO RETURN policy.

I was conned out of $140.00, the seller blocked me and deleted my comments as soon as I had paid. After 6 daily emails with no response from customer service, it looks like I won't be getting my money back. I tried to cancel but it's not working and there's no safety net in place for customers who get conned like this. Do not buy from Poshmark, try ebay, Tradesy or Depop instead.

This is a great place to both buy and sell if you as the buyer and the seller take a proactive approach...

For buyers.. review all photos well.. If you have a question ask it.. don't be afraid to ask gor more photos... or to ask questions about an item you wish to purchase...

Take a look at the persons stats that you are purchasing from.. how fast they ship.. if they cancel orders often.. or if they have a low star rating... Make an informed decision about who you buy from... This will save you a lot of stress...

If you sell... read all of the rules.. and know that posh charges buyers over $6 for 2 day shipping.. be aware of that and respectful of shipping in a short amount of time.. or risk a low star rating... that $6+ is what the post office charges for fast shipping.. posh is not making money on that end.. so respect your buyers and ship in a timely manner..

Also know that as one who sells on Poshmark.. You agree to either a $3 + Posh commission on items under $15 or 20% for items over...

Buyers... try not to low ball... if you offer $5 for an item.. know that that person will only be paid less than $2 of that...

There is no reason to remark on an item you feel is to expensive... In fact.. a fellow Posher can file a complaint against you for harassment... On the other end.. do not respond to someone who does this.. block them... be professional to be successful...

Poshmark is an amazing place to both buy and sell as long as you are proactive as a posher... I learned this the hardway... I hope that this will assist others in an easier route...

As far as luxury goods go.. You can ask that the seller send them to be Authenticated when purchased.. the seller pays for this... and you are not charged until the item is proven to be authentic...

Most of the bad reviews you read about can be avoided if you take on the responsibility of being a proactive posher... Happy Poshing!!! I hope this helps...

do NOT buy anything that has a size to take into consideration. If the shoe doesn't fit, you will likely NOT get your money back. What a sham. I am different sizes from the same designer. There is no way to tell if it fits until you try them on.

I wanna say to all of the people, that wrote a review Thank You, for taking the time to write the review. You've saved me money, time, and a headache, dealing with a unprofessional company.

Shipped a purse 2 weeks ago. Never received payment. No one from Poshmark responds to my complaint! Payment has been pending for two weeks but buyer received handbag. RIPOFF

I have been on this site for several months now as a buyer and a seller. I am constantly shocked at the lack of professionalism this company provides their consumers.
There is absolutely no phone number given for you to contact the company, so you are forced to do everything via email which takes between 48 hours and 7 days to resolve any issues.
My most recent negative experience with this company was I purchased a Tiffany and Company ring. It was a fake. So to get a return approved you must file a claim. Which I did! The problem was they took so long to approve my claim, that by the time they sent me a return shipping label I was out of town. when a seller goes out of town they place their account on vacation hold. So, it was a no-brainer that I would not be able to return the item immediately. I informed Poshmark of this as soon as they approved the returned. But of course received no emailed response back. the day I got back, ( late Saturday night( I took my account off vacation hold. Sunday I woke up and found that they marked my purchase as delivered. Which means they transferred funds for the ring to the seller My account came off vacation hold on a Saturday night. Clearly I did not have time to return the item, since there was no mail available until Monday. So, I guess I am just screwed out of my money, even though it is against the law to sell or represent a replica online.
I've also had customers be able to leave negative reviews on me for petty little things such as... the hue of the shoes was different in real life then in the photos. Ridiculous!!!
I've also had friends that sell High ticket items. One of my friends did a thousand-dollar transaction for several pieces of Tiffany and Company jewlery. The buyer decided she couldn't really afford the pieces at the time, and right away had asked my friend to cancel the order. Poshmark only allows returns if it is a replica, or not as described. So when the order was cancelled, the lady submitted it was a replica. The problem is, Poshmark does not tell a seller what the problem is until they either approve or deny the case. So, my friend didn't know an item was even being claimed as a replica until Poshmark approved the return. After my friend found out the reason the return was approved, she immediately provided Poshmark pictures of six other items that were identical in Hallmark's and stampings weight measurements ect. She also provided documentation from the seller she purchased purchased it from which has been selling Tiffany and Company for 28 years, and has a stellar reputation, with absolute zero negative feedback. He provided his personal phone number and all the testing and research he did to authenticate the piece...I E. Testing to make sure the gold was real... excetera excetera excetera. My friend also took the piece to Tiffany and Company afterwards and had them in writing authenticate it. But the return had already been approved and the items had already been returned, so my friend was just screwed out of $1,000 in sales, and has had her business reputation tarnished because Poshmark did not do their own due diligence.
Poshmark will only personally look at an item Hands-On if the selling price was over $500. Since this was a bundle package and the item in question was only sold for $450, they instead send out pictures to random buyers and sellers to ask them what they think. And if they think it is a replica or not. So, basically any moron can say whatever they want and that's what they go by. Since the item was purchased as a bundle, my friend lost out on the entire purchase price because anything but as a bundle, has to be returned as a bundle. Poshmark buying and selling system, and customer service, is highly flawed, and unprofessional!!!

I just feel the need to be appropriately fair. I eventually received the dress - weeks too late for my event. However ,,, the dress was as stated. Beautiful
And I can wear it to another event- so in the big picture ( I just went thru a hurricane ) I can deal with not getting the dress on time. I have used this site again and again since my bad review and had all good experiences. I guess when you run a business depending on other people to get it "right" - things will go wrong. I'm happy with my purchase.

But be like Amazon and get rid of scammer or idiot sellers. This girl I bought dress from shipped my dress to another buyer and a bra to me.
Bye girl
She doesn't have a brain so get rid of her. The dress was for 2 weeks ago still waiting. I have not shipped bra yet because of Irma. But seriously why has this become my problem.

Kick her to the curb. I guess Amazon and eBay are for smart people

I bought a designer dress, then i had feelings that it was fake (by the way it was sewed) I made a request to official brand website, they confirmed that the dress i bought from Poshmark was fake. I complained to Poshmark, they returned me part of the price, but i wanted they block the seller who sells fake product. They didn't , so she is still there d\selling fake dresses. And most funny people who have no clue about how designer clothes look like so appreciate her for cheaper price for so fresh collection

I bought a purse that was advertised as Ralph Lauren and leather. It was neither. I showed the purse to two local retailers who sell Ralph Lauren and they both confirmed in a written letter that it was indeed counterfeit. I submitted these letters, along with photos of the obvious fake purse, to Poshmark, but they still refused to refund my money. This whole process took a good month, mind you, since it takes them 2 days to respond to an email and there is no phone support. Luckily, I bought the purse with a credit card, so I filed a dispute through the credit card company and got my refund that way.

I ordered a MAC lipstick, didn't know what exactly poshmark was. I received a USED lipstick, grosssss! how unhygienic not to mention it was not cheaper, they charged me $6.75.to send a half used grubby looking lipstick. How can they even consider selling used lipsticks.?

I am a seller on Poshmark. I list all items. I list all sizes, all measurements. The material of the item. I disclose everything. And I post a lot of pictures I answer all questions also. I have nothing to hide. I am not happy with the commission they get, or the price of shipping. I myself do not buy a lot because of the shipping fees! I do have a 5-star rating and only had one return because the buyer did not read that I did state the boots run narrow. I was not happy. They received their money back plus was able to keep the boots. This was unfair.The boots were also brand new, never worn. The reason why I was selling is because I had a stroke and could longer wear heels. Customer service could be better if they hired more people. This goes to the top and letting go of some profits. I also do not like the same generated letter that customer service sends when help is needed. And when they do answer, its past the time allowed for shipping or other seller concerns. I also post pictures of my shipping process. I wrap all items like a gift, along with card of thanks. I do see lots of replicas, and items that I cant believe some people sell. The clothing is dirty and I never buy shoes that I can see dirty footprints. I would never sell items like this. I wash all items and iron if needed. All I can say is ask a lot of questions and ask for more pictures. If the seller doesn't respond, I would not buy. I am also on my site everybody, and I monitor a lot of buyers for scamming.

It is a horrible place for sellers, not to say you can find good deals but not everyone's complaints are treated the same, their customer service sucks and they never loose, I sold a tunic top down to $3, it had been worned twice, not the most expensive nor designer piece of clothing but it was cleaned and pretty, Poshmark made $2.95 , i went through all the shiping and packaging the item to their standards and made a woping $.05, yes that is right. Don't waste your time thinking you will be treated fairly, I tried to return a pair of shoes that did not fit properly, poor material and hurt a lot, not all the information about the shoes was disclosed, I tried to return them, they were not a brand name , just cheap wallmart plastic shoes, but they would not allow me to return them, so I lost $20 and gained a pair of lousy shoes...BE carefull..Customer service is non existant in POSHMARK and consumer rights are not the same for everyone.

I purchased a supposedly new sweater and it arrived in an shrunken unwearable state. When I complained, my member privileges were blocked without warning. I contacted the site and the response was that I had been warned multiple times. I never received an email and asked the company to provide the emails they supposedly sent. I never heard back. This company stands behind it's scammer clientele and does care nor protect the consumer. I have used Ebay for over 10 years and never had any issues. Do yourself a favor and purchase from a reputable site. Not one who couldn't care less about a college student losing out on almost $65.

You purchase; they charge your card and then you wait and wait and wait. The seller has not responded since the purchase. Customer Service tells me how to respond online to get my money back (which will take a several days). I am not even sure if they products they are offering even still exist. One of the worse buying experiences ever. AVOID!

Absolutely no seller protection. Buyers can scam left and right and poshmark will do nothing to protect the sellers. High fees and no protection make this an awful selling platform.

NEW: 8-28-17 My brother got married this July and I bought my new sister in law an authentic Coach wristlet and an authentic Coach wallet. I was very happy with the entire purchase and paying process! I also bought two inspired totes that were just awesome and beautiful!
I even made a purchase but needed to return it due to a broken zipper and I had no problems at all.
Overall, I would shop there again, BUT make sure you ask LOTS OF QUESTIONS!
From my understanding of the wording for returns, you pretty much can't get your money back. That is so stupid! Why buy something you could never return?
Questions- What is the fabric? Just because the tag says Large, is this really a large? Large like 12 or large like 14? What are the colors? Any rips, tears, stains?
I downloaded and labeled all the pictures of the items I've purchased.
PRICES:
Pics 1 & 2: $23 + $6.49 Shipping = $29.49
Pics 3 & 4: $10 + $6.49 Shipping = $16.49
Pic 5: $5 + $6.49 Shipping = $11.49
Pic 6: $15 + $6.49 Shipping = $21.49
Pic 7: $30 + $6.49 Shipping = $36.49
Pic 8 & 9: $8 + $6.49 Shipping = $14.49
Pic 10 & 11: $$$ + $6.49 Shipping = $$$
Pic 12: $9 + $6.49 Shipping = $15.49
Pic 13 & 14: $8 + $6.49 Shipping = $14.49
Pic 15: $$ + $6.49 Shipping = $$

I'm not sure why there are so many recent bad reviews, but I noticed NO ONE who is complaining has posted any pictures, or specific dates, specific sellers, nor specific amounts of money they've been cheated out of.
Poshmark's policy is to hold the payment and once you receive your purchase, they give you three days to accept your purchase or notify them of a problem!
Like I said, it's important to ASK LOTS OF QUESTIONS BEFORE BUYING! You can even ask for MORE PICTURES if you need to see something that's not pictured. If the seller gets upset or combative, then CLEARLY you DON'T want to buy from that person!
Be a smart buyer so YOU don't have any problems!
1. See when the seller joined the site
2. See how many items they have listed
3. See if they have "Love Notes" (buyers reviews of the seller and purchase)
Read them if they do!
4. Never accept when a "seller" asks to handle the purchase off Poshmark!
If they just joined within 1-3 months, have no listed items, no sold items, and ask you to call them or email them, then THEY'RE PLANNING ON SCAMMING YOU!
Poshmark isn't the only site that these losers operate!
Good luck!

****TO POSHMARK:
1. STOP being so greedy by taking 20% PLUS the high shipping rate! Cut out your overhead wherever possible and be fair to these sellers! Shipping shouldn't cost that much!
2. MONITOR your sellers! If someone hasn't logged on in more than two weeks, then give them like a "3 Strikes" rule. If they do this 3 times, then they shouldn't be able to sell on your site! It's NOT the BUYERS responsibility to watch for lazy sellers! Don't you know these people give your site a bad image?
2. REMOVE items that have been sold! It's fine that the sold items are in the seller's closet, BUT when your site offers "SIMILAR ITEMS" WHY would you want to display an item that has been sold? It's NOT like anyone can buy it so why offer it as a similar item? It should only be items that are FOR SALE!
3. LOVE NOTES - I get it, NO ONE wants to read ALL your rules and regulations, but I had NO idea what a "LOVE NOTE" was! When I searched/googled it, I still DIDN'T find any information on it! YOU really NEED to ADD this information when someone is completing a purchase so everyone knows what it is, how to leave a love note and the purpose for it!

This is the most anti-seller site in existence!! Besides the 20% fees which is expensive, it allows the customer to be paid a refund without returning the merch!! If a customer files a complaint, the seller has no access to the proof of which they are complaining so the buyer can say anything. Poshmark refunds the buyer out of the sellers account before they even get the return so you have to cross your fingers you get it back!

If there was a ZERO rating, I would have chosen that instead of a 1 rating. Thought I was ordering a men's LARGE polo shirt, but instead was a women's LARGE.... and Poshmark would not allow me to return it.

Ordered boots canceled and never recieved my refund.The money was never restored back into my paypal account while the order was canceled.Reached out to poshmark and they never answered , only recieved an automated email , no directive or help.Never again.

Bought some boots and they were junk obviously worn before and just junk. They won't let me return for a refund. Fifty dollars. Might as well have thrown the money out the window Don't use then

It's a pretty awesome site, it's not perfect but it's one of the better selling apps out there. I don't like that the shipping is so expensive or the 20% sellers fee makes low offers impossible to make money on. The low ball offers can be bad to they should have a cap that it can't have an offer less than 30% off asking price. A buyer making an offer for 3.00 nets the seller a nickel. I also don't like how people bundle items with no intention of ever buying in the first place, and I absolutely hate all the stock photos and photos from the Internet it's actually illegal and copyright infringement but so many do it and nothing is ever done about it same as inspired by or mislabeling the brands for more views. Overall you can make money on this site but you have to invest time you get sales by following sharing and being active if you do none of these things you won't see sales.but for me it's better than mercari vinted or eBay. Just use caution and respect as both a buyer and seller. If you want a quick buck this isn't for you.

Many item discriptions are misleading. Sellers are allowed to post as a certain size, even if the actual size is different. Bought one size and received another. Told I would not receive a refund.

I love everything about this site down to the color of the brand. But one thing that I hate? Not only are they taking 30% of what I'll earn but $6.50 for shipping on everything? A little thing such as Earrings shouldn't cost that much to ship

Shame on you Poshmark for NOT enforcing your published policies.
Ex: Prohibited Products Last Updated- July 13, 2016
Prohibits replicas, fakes, counterfeit, inspired by, inspired by Chanel, Button Jewelry.

Talk to Us - we strive to go above and beyond for EACH of our members.
We can help resolve the issue on your behalf. After all, that's what we're here for.

REALLY!!!!
Poshmark Policies ONLY apply to a selected few community members.
Prohibited Items Policy updated July 13 and members selling since 2014 and still selling inspired by Chanel, Button Jewelry violating trademark law according to Poshmark . Poshmark has obvious preferential removal policy of these Prohibited items. Shameful!!!!
Wake up Poshmark. Stand behind and enforce your Policies in Print.
YOUR RULES/POLICIES SHOULD APPLY TO ALL SELLERS!

Shipping rates of $6.95 on a $5 or $10 item turns me off. i won't buy it. And when they offer discounted shipping it is usually at a time of day that is impossible to take advantage of it!

There to proud of there site and a 20% sellers fee screws the whole site. Who ever is the head boss of this site is a greedy s of a beach.

I've yet to have any real issue with buying or selling. I love that listings don't expire, unlike some other sites. But there are some things i don't like. Sales can be slow. It unfortunately caters more to a higher end market. I'f you're not buying shirts that cost at least $40 new, good luck getting any interest from shoppers when you go to sell your old wardrobe. They have a flat $2.95 or 20% fee, whichever is greater. And they handle shipping on their end, you just print the label and go. Awesome...until you have someone offer $3 on an item. Really? I can make a whole nickle on a sale? It would cost me less in gas and time to dump everything at a thrift store. Everyone says how active a user you are will determine how well your sales flow is. I find it very time consuming to constantly share and follow. Time would be better spent listing and shipping.

Fun, friendly, great deals, super customer support, what more could you want? I love Poshmark! Why keep or donate good stuff you aren't going to wear, when you can sell it and use the $ toward buying something you will wear!

You cannot trust sellers. They don't police sellersfor inactivity ( I made offer never responded, seller has been inactive for months but has like 14 items for sale); also had seller sell me item then cancel it saying she can't find the item..ridiculous. Poshmark responded saying buyer should look at dates when seller last did something?/!! Lame. They really cannot be trusted. Plus seller has 7 days to ship while they are holding charge on your credit card. That's a scam...Ebay requires seller to ship in 2 business days!

Some sellers are honest and send you items quickly. There are fake designer items and some items you don't receive. I believe they sell your items to people that offer them more $$$ I am deleting my account with them. Not satisfied with my experience

Support for sellers sucks but I think everything else is great. There are going to be scammers everywhere. That's why they say buyer beware

I absolutely love Poshmark! Lots of great finds and such a nice community of sellers and buyers! Would recommend to anyone.

Poshmark is a great way to side hustle! I sell clothes on the app, which is super easy to use, and the community of buyers and sellers is great! As always there can be a bad experience or two on any selling platform but the good 100% outweighs the bad!

I am sad to see so many people have had bad experiences on Poshmark, because this is such a wonderful website! I have been a seller on it for 3 years! I have a 4.9 overall rating and have made well over 2,000 sales. I love the community for posh as well! I agree the 20% is a bit steep, but regardless, this is a great website!!

Great for finding peices you love that are no longer made or selling your clothes/shoes you no longer wear!

Great site! Easy to use with fabulous deals! Don't pay retail, check on PM first! Jeans are especially a great value.

I have only had good experiences both as a buyer and seller. As a seller, it is quite time-consuming. As a retired person, time is something I have a lot of. Posh supplements my income and fellow buyers/sellers have been very supportive.

I love Poshmark. Never ever had an issue. I've been on it as a buyer and seller since 2012. Once a dress didn't arrive, but it wasn't Poshmark or seller fault. It was a mix up by USPS. Poshmark refunded my money and the seller. No loss. Please try it, you're going to find great deals and you are protected.

I've only had 2 bad experiences and customer service was very helpful. All of the other transactions went great

Love Poshmark. The easiest way to get rid of good condition clothes from your personal closet, and you'll get way more than a consignment shop or thredup will give you! It's all about community and fun! Sure it has its flaws, it's not perfect, but I have enjoyed it so far.

I have had nothing but good transactions w very fast shipping. Love posh mark I have met some wonderful ladies and hope to meet more. This is an open community buy and sell site YOU have to be mindful of who you are buying from and what you are buying. Great app!

terrible!!!!! Their rules are not enforced. They allow fake items to be sold on their website. If you dispute anything with paypal they will completely block you from making future purchases. These people are Scammers and will be reported on fox 5 news in my area.

I purchased NEW shoes listed as size 8.5. When received, they are WAY smaller than 8.5, though they are size 8.5, and are really cheaply made. Requested a return and was denied. So Im stuck with really over priced shoes that I cannot even get a foot into. Total Rip off!!!

Police don't make sense! I ordered two items from a seller and was shipped a wrong item. So I followed the instructions where you verify you received an order and marked wrong order and sent a description and pictures of what happened. Poshmark customer service got back offering me a $10 coupon to keep the item and let it go (the item I ordered was more than $10). I declined. Their next option: I have to ship everything I ordered back and get I full refund. I had no other options and two days to decide. I sent them multiple emails trying to come up with a different solution and they just kept telling me they didn't do partial returns or refunds. I kept saying it wasn't a return I didn't get the item I ordered and already paid for and they needed to fix that! I finally contacted the seller on her PUBLIC wall (I had no other way of contacting her) She apologized and we decided to do what they said and she would just resell me my order. So I shipped back the mistake item and the item I wanted to keep. Rebought the 2 items a few days later, everything seemed ok till they got lost in the mail!! So an item I had in my possession is lost because Poshmark made me return it. Out of a two-week hassle and lots of emails, I come out with literally nothing. Not even an apology or coupon from Poshmark. I can't believe they are still in business they seriously suck!

While there are certainly great deals on Poshmark and I've purchased many things, IF/WHEN you do have a problem with the seller (item not as described) you're in for a less than Zero experience with their customer service which is in no way professional, courteous, or friendly.

The only recourse you have is to file a dispute with your method of payment for a full refund.

Don't buy from them. If the item is not right, you can't return.They sent the wrong color and claimed it had "never been worn" when it obviously had. Stay clear!

Sold a necklace, the buyer decided they didn't like it and Poshmark allowed the return. I was OK with that, but when I received the returned necklace the buyer had broken the necklace and stole the cloth bag sold in, Poshmark just said Oh well! I immediately froze my account and will sell elsewhere, or give the items to charity. It is too easy to be ripped off on this site as a seller. They also post fake followers to accounts. They have me following over 100 people or accounts, I wasn't following anyone. Very fake and strange.

I purchased two items on posh mark with no trouble, the items were sent, after waiting about a week before they shipped, and although it took a long time for them to ship, when they did ship it arrived quickly and the items were as described. but two items I ordered and paid the money and the funds were withdrawn from my account, I waited a week to receive the 'shipping confirmation' and there was nothing! one time I had to ask Poshmark and they said the "sale was cancelled by the seller because the item was damaged." But the item was listed as 'sold'.
The second time this happened I waited a week for my order to be shipped and Poshmark sends an email saying the "item is cancelled, because the seller has 'changed their mind.'" CHANGED THEIR MIND?
Wow! I am out funds then for three weeks, the week I waited, and the two weeks to get the funds back in my bank account, and all for a WILD GOOSE CHASE!!! and some mysterious cancellations!!!
Then they do this weird thing called "following" which is creepy and reeks of stalking on their website, and you open your account and it says "so and so is following you"... wow! who asked for that?.
Then it is almost impossible to cancel your account!
I don't think they know what they are doing and do not regulate bad sellers and then the poor good sellers suffer from bad buyers. It is a shame!!!

I ordered an expensive coat on Poshmark. The seller never sent it and refused to have any contact with me although she sold on different sites. This site is not racist- anyone can have a bad experience.

Horrible customer service from returns department! Will NEVER buy from there again!!

My first purchase was "new with tags" full price. I immediately identified it as defective, not as advertised, not authentic. I submitted to the "team" pictures 5 times, numerous emails, never accepted the shipment. My refund is denied and I am told to open a poshmark store and sell them. This is completely unethical. I am out $66.00 plus shipping costs.
Sellers would love them, they never have to refund for fake items.

Hi, I bought shoes from Poshmark for $435. A few months later I decided to buy more things from Poshmark and maybe to sell as well. Every time I try to buy something it says, something went wrong. After 2 weeks of trying, I contacted customer service over email. They are not able to give their customers a phone number to call like they do on ebay. On Oct.16th I sent my first email to Poshmark, and on Oct. 21st, my problem has not been solved yet! No buying and No selling, because they have my old billing address. Even though I changed my address on my account. Every time I get a response from the same girl, Shabana, I need to wait for another answer for another 24 hours! My husband is a seller on ebay. Somebody from another country hacked into his account. On "Saturday" morning he called there with his problem and it was solved within 30 minutes. Poshmark made 20% on my shoe purchase and could make much more from other purchases and my customer representative is not able to help me with my problem in one week. And now the weekend is coming :)) I will sell and buy on kidizen and with good old ebay! Shame on Poshmark, they make money on customers, but are not able to give us the right customer service! What happend to customer service in America???

I am a seller on Poshmark and I've had nothing less than rewarding experiences. I received my money in a timely manner as well as great feedback from the buyers. I purchased a choker from a seller and it came as described brand new in its original packaging in excellent condition. I guess everyone has to try it for themselves. I'm a happy Posher

The company itself is trustworthy in that they will refund you if a seller doesn't come through. However, they have no vetting process for their "sellers". I've only attempted to purchase items twice through Poshmark and both times the seller never sent the item (even when there was correspondence between us about the item, i.e. the measurements, fabric, etc.). Poshmark refunded me but I will never buy from them again because their sellers are liars and aren't to be trusted about the item they are supposedly selling.

Poor customer service!!! I got a Zara sweater for $60 and when I received it, I realized it's fake ! It was half an hour after I received the item.,, they didn't refund me and they just gave me $25 credit!it means I lost $35 with no reason! I gave them extra emails but no response! I wanted to ask the seller refund my money and I would return the item(I hate fake ones)
But seller blocked me and is still selling... it means that every body can go and sell fake items without mentioning that and buyers will loose their money! I buy online most of the time from many websites and it was my first experience of loosing money for my the thing that wasn't my fault!!! Won't use Poshmark never ever....

I have purchased 14 items off poshmark. I received 8 of them. 1 was not as described (new with tags) it was damaged. I may add if they approve a return you have 48 hrs to get to post office or its void. (Funny cuz sellers get a week to ship it to you). 1 item im still waiting for any response from seller. 4 items the seller never shipped. Even when i would ask about the status, they replied it was shipped and i would receive in 2 to 3 days, and nothing. 2 weeks later, i cancelled the order. It helps if you message the seller and ask if they still have it. Or make an offer. I cant count how many times i make an offer on an item, and seller declines it, but removes listing. Most items on poshmark are also for sale on mercari. I believe sellers forget to remove listings on items sold on other sites. The entire time though the $ has been paid to them and they sit on it. When you cancel an order it takes 3 to 4 days to process your credit. I believe if they hold your money for a week and never ship it you should get something for all your time and trouble

If you are a seller looking to make quick $$$, do not sell on here. It takes a lot of your time and dedication. I sell and have bought. My buying expience was great. Selling is ok. There are a lot of great people on Posh! Then you come across people who send lowballing offers. Its like a game you have to to lean. Follow, share, etc. Very, time consuming! But. I give it 3 stars. You have to put in a lot of work to make sales happen! It’s def the best online selling tool out there. But if you don’t want to waste time, look for a local reseller!!

This company is riduculous. I did everything i was told and am now misding a vuitton bag and not paid. Dont sign up this plave has no customer sevuce

Awful customer service. I mean AWFUL. I've been conned out of $140.00 as the seller deleted my comments and blocked me straight after I paid. Have emailed 6 days in a row to ask for the order to be cancelled and have not had a reply outside of the automated response. Never buy from this site, too much of a risk and nobody to help you when it goes wrong. Try tradesy or depop instead.

Absolutely non-ethical company. Bought a dress, got dress, dress was labeled as a certain size but had clearly been shrunk. Zipper was warped, and wouldn't zip. Dress will never fit. Complained, and after a series of back and forth, they denied my return request because technically, the dress was the same size that was advertised. I explained that no, technically it wasn't. They would not even address the broken zipper, even after asking them point blank "why are you not addressing the broken zipper." In response, they actually told me in an email (so i have it in writing) that I can go ahead and try reselling the item. Enraged, I asked them if that is their typical policy, to knowingly encourage users to sell bad items so that they can continue to profit off of already high percentages of the sale. No response. I cannot even believe that a business can so transparently be this non-ethical. DO NOT USE Poshmark. There are far better clothes selling/trading sites.

I bought something of poshmark. The seller canceled my order because she "changed her mind" and relisted the item at TWICE the price! Better to shop on EBAY! Completely bogus site! Now I have to wait 3-5 days to get my money back to my card. If you do not want to sell the items then DONT!

The buyer claimed that I described the product wrong and not what she expected when she bought it. She even ask for 50 percent of the price. I really have no intention of misleading the buyer. She returned the item and used my bag plus damaged it. I reported to Poshmark but no reply. I dont think this website care and protect seller. Not worth my time to deal with this website. Please dont sell or try to buy anything from Poshmark.

It shouldn't surprise me that I'm writing a post about the continuation of racism in 2017. However, here I am. POSHMARK is the MOST RACIST site I have ever tried to buy and sell on.

Their lack of professionalism, inequality and disparity between what certain ethnicities are allowed to do on the site is insane.

Poshmark is NOT the site for you if you are a minority looking to make extra money. White individuals are allowed to harass you, run scams and sell whatever they like on the site (real or fake) despite rules stating that this is against the policy. I guess "white" is "right" huh?

Numerous white individuals have harassed me about products they are NOT going to purchase, I have been continuously reported for things I have NOT done wrong and a white individual was able to file a claim against an item I sent, and receive her money back. While, I am still without my item.

Living in a world where racism and white privilege is prevalent in everyday life. I would have thought there would be a slight relief from poshmark administration, WRONG..I refuse to be treated unfairly by poshmark.

I no longer will be using this site for any services, as they are not worthy of having my "Black Dollars"

They are the worst site. Beware beware. Seller shipped my package to the wrong place. He fault. Then ignored me. Lost $75. Then she wanted me to return a bra she accidentally shipped to me. Poshmark can't help that they have idiot sellers but they could communicate and return my $$$
They are no Amazon or eBay.
They don't care. They don't communicate. They ignore complaints. Do not shop this site.
Total scammers. They rip you off and poshmark does nothing about it. Save your hard earned $$$
