I'm going to include some detail here, because I think that is necessary in order for people reading this review to get a clear sense of the issues that I have experienced with Letgo.
I was selling a number of different pieces, which came in a set but which I did not think I could sell all together. So I posted each piece separately, with photos and descriptions of each, (there was no way these pieces could be mistaken for each other.) In the text of each post I also said that I could also sell the whole set for less than purchasing each item individually.
After putting in a lot of time and effort to include great photos and a complete description of the pieces, I found that someone had almost immediately flagged my posts -- apparently they didn't look closely, and decided that I had posted the same item multiple times.
Okay, so I changed it to one post for the whole set, with an explanation that the items could also be purchased individually.
And then, having learned that lesson, I proceeded to do the same thing for an office set that I also need to sell, (posted it as one set, rather than offering the individual pieces.)
And finally, I posted a couch.
Today, I received a couple of messages from an interested buyer. I replied, but was surprised to see that he was listed as being from New York, so I asked him about that, because I am not able to ship these items.
I mention these specifics, because I don't know what Letgo decided I'd done wrong this time, (as they didn't bother to inform me), but the next thing I know, in the middle of this potential sale and without warning or explanation, Letgo apparently deleted my entire account.
I am left guessing as to the reason for this. Based on the fact that there are *two* warnings retroactively appended after the potential buyer's responses, warning me to "be careful when exchanging phone/email details", (we hadn't done so), and inviting me to block the potential buyer (why??), I am left guessing that either:
Some nasty person must have gone out of their way to flag me, (erroneously, as I never did post any item more than once), or somehow my question about the general location of the potential buyer broke some obscure rule.
My biggest issue is that I wasn't warned, explanations were not given, and after all the time I put into posting in good faith and with honest and careful detail, Letgo decided to terminate my account in the middle of a potential sale. A potential loss for both me and the buyer.
Really bad policies, Letgo. I am a legit and rule-abiding poster, and if I could so easily fall afoul of your policies, then I stand as a warning to others.
I wasted even more time on the Letgo site trying to find out what had happened to my account, after finding that my account had apparently been deleted abruptly. I did this partly because I couldn't believe this had actually happened, and also because I was in the middle of a potential sale at the time.
But in the end, I realized I was just throwing good time after bad -- Letgo is a rotten apple; after Letgo already wasted too much of my time, trying to find an answer to this problem from Letgo just wasted more.
My advice? Don't waste your time with Letgo!
